INVESTMENT STRATEGY
As investors head into the ﬁnal third of the AI bull market’s fourth
year, the S&P 500 Index is up more than 12% for the year to date,
with August delivering nearly a 3% gain and the benchmark still
within 2% of its all-time high. Stabilization of the AI trade has paced
the advance, with robust second quarter earnings renewing
conﬁdence in monetization for key parts of the ecosystem. 
Speciﬁcally, following July’s reversal of extreme momentum in the semiconductor
industry, selective rebounds extended to renewed strength for some of the
hyperscalers and even to resumed interest in several software names. Investors
gained a greater understanding that data-center deployment is advancing along
paths that ratify multiple hybrid architectures—namely, those featuring open-
weight and frontier large language models as well as application-speciﬁc chips and
GPUs—implying that there is room for more than one winning business model.
Sustained market-broadening support from idiosyncratic themes accompanied this
development. Health care outperformed on headline-grabbing technology advances
in biotech and cancer therapies. The ﬁnancials sector received some bids amid
constructive regulatory developments and ongoing capital markets strength,
especially in debt underwriting. Energy also saw renewed engagement, as oil prices
reset indeﬁnitely higher on continuing uncertainty in Iran and the Strait of Hormuz.
Overall, persistence of earnings momentum and positive revisions bode well for the
year-end sprint, as well as for Morgan Stanley & Co.’s 8,000 target for the S&P
500 and the GIC’s overweight to US large-cap stocks.
To the extent that there were ﬁreworks in August, they came from the global bond
market, where developed market yields headed higher and prices lower, especially
on long-duration debt. Three developments have driven the repricing, which left the
two-year US Treasury yield just below its year-to-date high of 4.35%, the 10-year
yield at 4.75% and the 30-year yield roughly 10 basis points off its 20-year high of
5.25%. Critically, none of these factors is really tied to inﬂation fears, as breakeven
inﬂation rates have been well behaved, with most of the action in rising real rates
and widening term premiums.
For starters, global issuance linked to AI-related ﬁnancing has surged, especially in
the investment grade market. At more than $210 billion, this has fostered
Micro and Macro Lisa Shalett
Chief Investment Ofﬁcer
Head of the Global Investment Ofﬁce
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Daniel Skelly
Senior Investment Strategist
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
TABLE OF CONTENTS
3 $40 Trillion of Debt: Brake or Break?
At what point does increasing government
debt disrupt economies and markets?
5 The Paths to 25%–50% GenAI ROIC
While rising AI capex has weighed on
stocks, return on investment looks
promising.
8 Biopharma: A New Class Awakening for
Sleep Disorders
Promising new drugs could potentially
transform treatment of sleep disorders.
10 Have Oil Reﬁners Reached Another
Golden Age?
Even after extraordinary gains, select oil
reﬁners may have room to run.
12 Short Takes
We explore European equities, thematic
investing and life insurers.
13 Signs of Spring
We examine what the next “season” could
bring for bitcoin and crypto more broadly.
15 Summer of AI Financing
Capital markets are adapting quickly to the
demands of AI.
17 Buying Time
The outlook for the Japanese yen depends
largely on the Fed—not intervention. 
18 From Sleepy to Supercycle: The Rise of
Infrastructure
In our Q&A, Sadek Wahba of I Squared
Capital discusses the transformation in
infrastructure.
Global Investment Committee | September 2026
On the Markets
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is the trade name of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a registered broker-dealer in the United States. This
material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any
security or other ﬁnancial instrument or to participate in any trading strategy. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material.
hyperscaler and tech-sector spread widening of more than 50
basis points so far this year. Such competition, amid ﬁscal
largesse exempliﬁed by US government debt pushing through
the $40 trillion milestone, has commanded higher real rates
and term premiums. This is especially the case as investors
consider US interest costs topping $1 trillion per year and
annual ﬁscal deﬁcits forecast to continue running at 5%–6%
through the next decade.
A second factor has been the sudden activism of US Treasury
Secretary Bessent, who on the last day of July pursued an
unprecedented $60 billion intervention in the currency
markets in support of the Japanese yen. Nearly three weeks
later, he announced the US Treasury’s intention to increase
buybacks of long-duration bonds in order to “improve market
efﬁciency.” These actions suggested concern and uncertainty,
and while they may have reduced short selling, they
contributed to wider term premiums. Notably, investors
began to appreciate that natural demand for duration from
“price-insensitive buyers” like the Federal Reserve and foreign
central banks, along with that from insurers and pension
funds, might be fading for the ﬁrst time in a decade.
Finally, US Treasuries were rocked by Fed Chair Warsh’s
appearance at Jackson Hole, where he convinced markets of
his inﬂation-ﬁghting bona ﬁdes. The hawkishness, however,
came with a 10-basis-point move in the two-year yield,
increasing futures-implied probabilities for a hike by
December to 100% and a much ﬂatter yield curve. Higher
rates are unlikely to upend the AI-capex binge but could
exacerbate the K-shaped economy—hitting bank lending,
small businesses dependent on variable-rate ﬁnancing and, of
course, the housing market. 
For now, we expect the micro-macro tug-of-war to resolve in
favor of corporate fundamentals and equities, but the path to
success is narrowing, and we advise investors to be vigilant
and opportunistic, favoring portfolio diversiﬁcation and active
management. ■
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  2
GLOBAL MACRO
$40 Trillion of Debt: Brake or Break?
Andrew Sheets, Global Head of Fixed Income Resarch, Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc+
Early in the last decade, it was all people could talk about. On
the heels of the Great Financial Crisis and the response
required to contain it, markets turned their attention to the
threat of government debt. Research reports, TV and
conferences abounded with charts of rising debt/GDP and
stern warnings of the consequences. It was the issue that
would shape our ﬁnancial future. And what a bleak future it
was: high debt, low growth and grinding austerity as far as
the eye could see.
Or not.
The dire predictions of that period did not materialize. Global
growth was ﬁne. Investment expanded and capital deepened,
thwarting concerns of “secular stagnation.” Developed market
equities and currencies were the great beneﬁciaries (refuting
the conventional wisdom at the time).
And the concern about rising debt? A distant memory. In its
ﬁrst 240 years, the US accumulated approximately $20
trillion of federal debt. It has borrowed another $20 trillion in
the last ten. Comparing this debt to the size of the economy
is more appropriate. It doesn’t change the story. Over the past
decade, government debt/GDP has risen across the world’s
most important economies. Outside the UK (yes, that UK),
deﬁcits are not expected to narrow (see chart).
Fiscal Deﬁcits Are Set to Widen Further (except in the
UK)
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research estimates; Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 23, 2026
Global ﬁscal policy is clearly supportive. But as yields rise, is
there a point where this debt acts as a “brake” on corporate
and household activity—or worse, where it “breaks” the
current market calm?
As a brake on corporate and household activity, the bar is
high. Worsening debt/GDP in the public sector has, in many
cases, mirrored improving trends in corporate and household
balance sheets (see chart). While this isn’t surprising—add in
the trade balance, and it’s an accounting identity—it’s still
important
A More Leveraged Public Sector, a Less Leveraged
Private Sector
Source: FRED, Federal Reserve Z.1, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research, Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Jan. 1, 2025
Start with corporates. Issuance is booming on the back of a
surge in technology spending and normalizing mergers and
acquisitions (M&A) volume, and our credit strategy team
continues to forecast record issuance this year. Yet, we think
this debt can still be absorbed with only modest spread
widening. The starting point for balance sheets is good: US
corporate debt/GDP that is unchanged over the past decade
and lower since COVID. Coupled with low hyperscaler
leverage and high AI return on invested capital (ROIC) that
can justify “paying up,” don’t expect yields to stop this historic
ﬁnancing wave.
The household sector has even more debt yet looks even
better. US household debt/GDP, at approximately 67%, is
lower than in 2000, when it was near 70%, and than in 2019,
when it was 74%. And if anything, that may overstate things;
much of that debt is in mortgages struck at historically low
rates, while the asset side of household balance sheets has
improved substantially.
This strong aggregate does hide dispersion between the top
and bottom. But for overall spending, the aggregate matters,
helping to explain why consumer spending has held up so
well despite higher rates and energy prices. Like corporations,
we shouldn’t count on households to react quickly to the rate
move, especially when rate-sensitive sectors, like housing, are
already depressed.
Our examples have been American, but these trends are
global. Europe has seen higher government debt/GDP,
balanced by (even more) corporate and household
deleveraging. In Japan, public borrowing is up, while private-
sector leverage is stable. To a great degree, this reﬂects a
policy choice. Countries get to decide how to balance taxes
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  3
and spending. And recently, a conscious effort has been made
to shift resources from the public to private sector. The US,
France, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and the UK have all
lowered tax rates in the past decade. Worsening public
balance sheets versus those of the private sector is hardly a
shocking result.
But how long can this persist? If corporations and households
are less responsive to these rate levels, do we need to look
elsewhere for a different type of “break”?
At times recently, rising yields have coincided with
interventions in US long-end rates and Japanese currency
markets. Yet neither 10-year US inﬂation expectations, at
around 2.3%, average curve steepness nor low interest rate
volatility suggests undue stress or a lack of “credibility.” We
think the impact of these interventions will be short-lived—in
other words, the 7-to-30-year segment of the US Treasury
yield curve should resume steepening—although a more
active US Treasury should weigh on the US dollar.
Asset allocators may transmit a stronger signal, as the yields
we’ve watched rise are available to anyone who wants to buy
them: The 30-year US Treasury bond currently offers around
300 basis points above expected inﬂation. Long-dated US
investment grade corporate bonds have recently yielded
approximately 6.2%. The point at which rising yields “matter”
is less about where corporations stop borrowing or
households stop spending, and more about when investors
think these instruments offer more compelling risk-reward
than other assets—i.e., stocks.
So far, we’re not seeing that shift in fund ﬂows or
correlations, as stock and bond prices have been moving in
similar directions, which doesn’t suggest reallocation.
Earnings growth may help explain this. For the year to date,
the S&P 500 is up approximately 12% and the 10-year US
Treasury yield is up around 65 basis points. Yet our
strategists’ measure of the equity risk premium—the gap
between the earnings yield and bond yield—was recently
unchanged.
Earnings growth has been so strong that it’s kept stocks
competitive with higher yields. That’s important and, per our
equity strategists, raises the stakes for this growth holding up
and for any future deceleration. Meanwhile, there’s
opportunity in some of those relatively better ﬁscal stories.
That said, we favor UK inﬂation-linked government bonds,
given the rare case of a narrowing deﬁcit, and the Australian
dollar, given high carry and just a 49% government debt/GDP
ratio. ■  
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 23 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “$40T of Debt: Brake or Break?” For a
copy of the full report, please contact your Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  4
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
The Paths to 25%–50% GenAI ROIC
Brian Nowak, Equity Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
The following article is based on the July 27 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “The Paths to 25-50% GenAI ROIC,” and
the Aug. 12 report, “How Could Open-Weight Models Impact
GenAI ROIC?”
With artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) capex and spending on model
training continuing to surge, debates have recently centered
on whether the technology will pay off. In fact, not only is
return on invested capital (ROIC) being questioned, but
spending has weighed on sentiment and valuation multiples
for internet and hyperscaler stocks.
We estimate that the major hyperscalers will spend more
than $1.4 trillion on capital projects through 2028, roughly
quadrupling installed compute capacity from last year to
approximately 120 gigawatts. A substantial share of that is
being directed at cutting-edge large language training models.
Private and public companies are spending billions of dollars
to develop models to eventually monetize through inference
—the stage beyond training when an AI model generates
predictions or decisions regarding new data it hasn’t seen
before.
As we look ahead to the “age of inference,” we remain bullish
on this spending. We built three bottom-up generative AI
(GenAI) frameworks of the businesses all this capacity
supports. They point to attractive incremental ROIC of 25% to
50%.
ONE UNIT OF MEASUREMENT. To compare businesses, we
standardized every framework on the same asset: one
gigawatt of data center ﬁlled with NVIDIA GB300 chips. That
works out to roughly 410,000 graphics processing units
(GPUs) and about $39 billion of all-in capital cost—$23
billion of IT equipment depreciated over ﬁve years, plus $16
billion of non-IT capex depreciated over 15. Annual
depreciation, energy and other operating expenses run about
$7.6 billion. The returns cited below are measured against
that same $39 billion (see table).
THREE WAYS TO EARN IT BACK. The ﬁrst framework is
renting the GPUs out, which is what the cloud providers do
today. At $8.50 per GPU-hour and 75% utilization, a gigawatt
produces about $22.9 billion of annual revenue, incremental
margins near 67% and roughly 31% ROIC. GPU rental pricing is
the lever that matters most: Our scenarios span $7.00 to
$10.00 an hour, which moves the return between 23% and
39%.
The second framework is a model developer selling access to
its models through an application programming interface
(API) on its own data center. Here, the levers are how much
capacity goes to revenue-generating inference rather than
training, how many tokens a GPU can produce per second
(throughput) and the price charged per token. Our base case
sends 65% of capacity to inference and assumes 2,750 tokens
per second per GPU and $1.75 per million tokens; it generates
about $30 billion of revenue, 75% incremental margins and
46% ROIC. Across the range of assumptions we consider, that
ﬁgure runs between 19% and 63%.
The third framework is the same model-enabled API business
run on rented compute instead of owned. Despite the extra
“middleman margin” to cover compute, we still see attractive
unit economics, at roughly 30%. Revenue per gigawatt is
higher, at roughly $40.5 billion, but about $27.9 billion of it
goes to whoever owns the hardware. Incremental margins fall
to about 31%. Similar to the model provider who owns both
the underlying data infrastructure and the foundational AI
models (1P capacity), token pricing—driven by product
innovation—and throughput are critical to proﬁtably scaling
this business. But in this case, the cost of compute, i.e., how
much the hyperscalers earn, also plays a signiﬁcant role in
unit economics.
Renting avoids the capital outlay, and it hands most of the
gross proﬁt to the owner of the asset. The gap between the
second and third frameworks is evidence of what owning
compute is worth.
WHAT ACTUALLY MOVES THE NUMBERS. Two variables do
most of the work. One is the price per token, which is set by
how differentiated a model is. The other is throughput—how
many tokens a single GPU can generate each second.
We See Attractive ROIC for the Three Main Business Models Set to Emerge in the Age of AI Inference
Note: The rented-compute case is shown on a proﬁt-margin basis, as the operator commits no capital of its own.  
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research estimates, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of July 27, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  5
Throughput is not a ﬁxed property of the hardware. It
depends on model architecture, the software stack around it,
how efﬁciently requests are batched together and the mix of
input and output lengths. Our 2,000–3,500 tokens per
second range is drawn from published benchmarks running a
1.6-trillion-parameter open-weight model on GB300
hardware.
The two levers also pull against each other. Larger models
can command higher prices, but they run more slowly on each
GPU, so a higher price does not translate proportionally into
more revenue per gigawatt. That tension is why we think
efﬁciency work at the chip and software layers matters as
much to returns as reaching the frontier model range does.
Frontier models, which are the most advanced at a given
point in time, represent the leading edge of AI capability.
THE OPEN-WEIGHT QUESTION. After publishing our July 27
report, we received many questions about how cheaper open-
weight models could change our math. The distinction
between open- and closed-weight models comes down to
control. Open weights can be downloaded by anyone,
retrained on a company's own data and run wherever the user
chooses—on premises (on-prem), on rented servers or
through a hosted interface. Closed models are reached only
through a subscription or an interface, either through a cloud
provider's managed service or from the AI research lab
itself.   
Open weights are cheaper per token, and they add routes to
market, both of which help adoption spread through the
wider economy. They also compete on price. Several US AI
labs have already answered with lower-priced offerings of
their own, including Meta's recent Muse Spark 1.2.
For the AI research labs, that means less revenue per unit of
compute, which raises the premium on throughput, on end-
user differentiation and on building an ecosystem developers
want to stay inside. In our view, it also changes what investors
should watch at the company level.
The arithmetic holds up under the pressure. Assuming $1.75
per million tokens—well below what the largest frontier
models charge—and throughput within our benchmark range,
we still calculate a 20%–60% return on a gigawatt of owned
GB300 capacity. Token prices will likely keep falling, and that
is the line to watch, but the starting point leaves room.
The Primary Differences Between Closed-Weight and Open-Weight Models
Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 12, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  6
WHY COMPUTE OWNERS STILL GET PAID. We see four
reasons why hyperscaler unit economics will stay attractive
even as cheaper models take share: 1) Compute remains the
scarce resource, and enterprises rely on hyperscalers to
provide the compute necessary for open-weight inference
workloads; 2) we expect hyperscalers to continue to monetize
their multi-billion-dollar compute investments in ways that
maximize ROIC (compute capacity is as simple as supply and
demand, so cheaper models arriving with far more volume
attached is a trade the providers should be happy to make);
3) we expect hyperscalers and model developers to remain
sharply focused on token throughput and improving
incremental unit economics; and 4) an AI workload rarely
arrives alone, with other services likely to drive incremental
proﬁtability.
BOTTOM LINE. Compute is the scarce, expensive resource
that we believe hyperscalers will rationally monetize, and
efforts to remain the lower-cost provider of compute—
through improving token throughput—will likely remain
critical. On a company level, investors should remain focused
on the hyperscaler/owner of compute that has the lowest
cost to serve, through custom silicon, unique models and
offerings, and/or other software and hardware advances. ■
For copies of the full Morgan Stanley & Co. Research reports,
“The Paths to 25-50% GenAI ROIC,” and “How Could Open-
Weight Models Impact GenAI ROIC?” please contact your
Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  7
US EQUITIES
Biopharma: A New Class Awakening
for Sleep Disorders
Terence C. Flynn, Ph.D., Equity Analyst, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
A promising class of drugs is emerging in neuroscience: orexin
receptor agonists. Designed to restore the wakefulness-
signaling pathway in the brain, they have the potential to
transform treatment across sleep disorders. On Aug. 5, the
US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the ﬁrst
oral orexin agonist, Takeda’s Orzeyful (oveporexton), for
treatment of narcolepsy type 1.
With oveporexton positioned to be ﬁrst to market, the
investment question is not whether orexins work; that
biology is now increasingly validated. The key question is
whether the class can expand into larger, underdiagnosed and
underserved populations—speciﬁcally, patients with the
related conditions of narcolepsy type 2 and idiopathic
hypersomnia.
Based on clinical trial results so far, we think it can. Our base-
case model implies roughly a $16 billion sales opportunity in
2035 across narcolepsy types 1 and 2 and idiopathic
hypersomnia. Moreover, there is even greater potential: If
upcoming drug trials are successful, orexin agonists could
expand further and transform treatment across fatigue-
related disorders.
ADDRESSING THE SYMPTOMS. Narcolepsy type 1 is a chronic
neurologic disorder characterized by the brain's inability to
properly regulate wakefulness and rapid eye movement
(REM) sleep. Patients experience excessive daytime sleepiness
despite adequate nighttime rest. Some experience sleep
paralysis, hypnagogic hallucinations—which happen during
the transition to sleep—and disrupted nighttime sleep.
Narcolepsy type 1 is also characterized by cataplexy, the
sudden, brief loss of muscle tone typically triggered by strong
emotion, and low levels of orexin, the brain’s natural wake
trigger. Type 2 narcolepsy presents with the same daytime
sleepiness but without the latter symptoms, while idiopathic
hypersomnia is a related disorder distinguished by long,
unrefreshing naps and sleep inertia.
Although narcolepsy is rare, its clinical and economic burden
is substantial. Untreated symptoms often result in impaired
educational attainment, lower workforce participation,
increased accident risk and signiﬁcant reduction in quality of
life.
Current narcolepsy therapies largely manage symptoms
rather than addressing the underlying disease biology. Wake-
promoting agents and traditional stimulants improve daytime
alertness but often fail to normalize wakefulness and may be
associated with cardiovascular or psychiatric side effects.
Many patients also continue to experience residual sleepiness,
fragmented nighttime sleep or cognitive symptoms despite
treatment.
The most effective therapies today are generally considered
to be the oxybates, which are nighttime central nervous
system depressants. By improving the quality and continuity
of nighttime sleep, oxybates can reduce excessive daytime
sleepiness and cataplexy the following day. While oxybates
have demonstrated durable efﬁcacy, long-term use can be
associated with adverse effects, and there is still limited
evidence on whether chronic symptomatic treatment
meaningfully improves the cognitive deﬁcits that frequently
accompany narcolepsy.
THE OREXIN PATHWAY. Orexin is a neuropeptide that serves
as one of the brain’s primary wakefulness signals, and in our
view, the development of orexin agonist therapies is the next
major evolution in narcolepsy treatment. By directly
activating the orexin-2 receptor (OX2R) agonists, they seek to
replace the deﬁcient orexin signaling that underlies
narcolepsy type 1, offering the potential to normalize
wakefulness rather than simply mask symptoms. Recent
clinical data suggests that orexin agonists may meaningfully
improve wakefulness and other manifestations across
narcolepsy types 1 and 2 and idiopathic hypersomnia.
The increasing investment from biopharmaceutical companies
underscores growing conﬁdence that orexin agonists could
become an important therapeutic category over the next
decade. Takeda’s oveporexton established proof of concept
for the class with FDA approval, but there are additional
pivotal and midstage clinical trial results expected over the
coming years (see table). 
Upcoming Catalysts for Select Orexin Agonists
Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research, Morgan Stanley
Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 5, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  8
TWO MARKET DRIVERS. The sleep market is sizable but
imprecisely deﬁned given underdiagnosis. Up to 300,000
people in the US have narcolepsy 1 and 2, and idiopathic
hypersomnia adds another 50,000–150,000 patients,
although both estimates carry wide error bars given
underdiagnosis. Higher diagnosis would create meaningful
upside to the orexin agonist market that is not embedded in
our base case.
Orexin agonists could also potentially expand from a
narrowly deﬁned biological population into progressively
larger and more diverse health issues, similar to the evolution
of GLP-1 medicines (see illustration). 
Many pieces would need to fall into place, and positive clinical
data beyond narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia will be an
important proof point. But we think the analogy is
directionally instructive: GLP-1s expanded from use in type 2
diabetes to obesity; then to cardiovascular, kidney and
obstructive sleep apnea indications; and recently, to chronic
inﬂammation in neural tissue. Similarly, orexin agonists could
in theory broaden from treatment for narcolepsy and
idiopathic hypersomnia into chronic insomnia, obstructive
sleep apnea, shift-work disorder, attention-
deﬁcit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and broader fatigue-
related indications.
WHAT TO WATCH. The next 18 months should deﬁne the
opportunity for the orexin agonist class of drugs. Following
the approval of Takeda’s oveporexton, orexin agonists from
other pharmaceutical companies will undergo mid- and late-
stage trials in the second half of this year and in 2027.
Labeling, scheduling, pricing and the data on treating
narcolepsy 2 and idiopathic hypersomnia will help determine
the size and durability of the opportunity.
Competitive differentiation is increasingly shifting from
simply demonstrating efﬁcacy in narcolepsy type 1 toward
identifying agents capable of delivering robust efﬁcacy,
favorable tolerability and sufﬁcient receptor activation to
treat patients across the broader spectrum of sleep-wake
disorders. ■
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 5 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “A New Class Awakening for Sleep
Disorders.” For a copy of the full report, please contact your
Financial Advisor.
TAM Funnel: GLP-1 Versus Orexin
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research as of Aug. 5 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  9
GLOBAL EQUITIES
Have Oil Reﬁners Reached Another
Golden Age?
Mayank Maheshwari, Equity Analyst, Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte.+
Underinvestment in oil reﬁning, delays in adding capacity and
overdone concerns about long-term demand have set the
stage for the current upcycle in reﬁning to inﬂect into a
“golden age” until 2030. We think the market is still
overestimating new capacity addition and underestimating
disruption to existing capacity. So even after a remarkable run
for reﬁning equities, we see a 35% rise in reﬁnery proﬁt
margins, with complex reﬁners that turn lower-quality crude
oil into high-quality products being outsized winners.
SUPPLY-DEMAND DYNAMICS. Following several years of
reﬁning capacity rationalization in mature markets and only
measured additions in Asia and the Middle East, global
reﬁning capacity has remained more disciplined than in past
cycles.
At the same time, fuel demand has continued to grow (see
chart). In emerging markets, transportation fuel demand is
supported by increasing mobility, aviation recovery, shipping,
mining for resources and petrochemical feedstock
requirements. In developed markets, consumption growth has
surprised positively, despite long-term gradual demand
moderation. Over the past ﬁve years, global petroleum
product demand growth has exceeded Wall Street estimates
by 20%, largely due to very strong transport fuel and
petrochemical consumption.
In a normal cycle, this situation would have triggered
announcements of signiﬁcant growth in reﬁnery investment.
However, competition from alternative energy sources and
the rise in the cash breakeven cycle to approximately 16 years
for new investment have put reﬁners in a dilemma; as a
result, new investment intensity has dropped by half, capping
the supply of petroleum products.
Demand for Fuel Is Rising While Reﬁning Capacity
Growth Is Limited 
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research estimates, Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 5, 2026
Now, by our estimates, the world needs two more reﬁneries
every year to match consumption growth and will fall short
by one each year until 2030. 
We called for a “golden age” for reﬁners back in 2018 (see our
May 16, 2018 report, “In Transition to a Golden Age”), and we
see a similar period underway now (see chart below). Based
on our bottom-up analysis, key products—gasoline, diesel
and jet fuel—should tighten further with very limited new
supply until 2029. 
Returns on Capital Employed: The Golden Ages
Source: Reﬁnitiv, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research estimates, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 5, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  10
RISING REFINING MARGINS. The underinvestment in crude oil
processing capacity over the past decade has been evident in
spikes in reﬁning proﬁt margins, or fuel crack spreads, during
every supply disruption over that time, as consumption
growth has used most spare system capacity.
US reﬁning margins, for example, have increased dramatically
this year since the war in Iran began (see chart). We think
reﬁners’ dilemma of strong near-term demand and longer-
term competition from alternative non-fossil fuels will
continue to cap supply and propel margins steadily higher.
US Reﬁning Margins Rise During Middle East Conﬂict
and Russia Outages
Source: Platts, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research, Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 27, 2026
The global reﬁning sector represents more than $2.5 trillion
in invested capital, and around $70 billion in new investments
are planned until 2030, by our estimates. However, it takes
an average of eight to 10 years to get a new reﬁnery up and
running. Based on the current pipeline, only ﬁve are under
construction, while multiple reﬁneries are being shut by
2030. Apart from in India, Brazil and the Middle East, we have
not seen any major capacity growth, despite energy security
concerns.
Instead of new construction, about 15% of global capacity
additions have come from reﬁnery upgrades and brownﬁeld
expansion. We see this rising to around 30% of capacity
growth over the next ﬁve years as reﬁners hedge the risks
related to unclear reﬁned product demand beyond 2030.
CHINA’S CAPACITY DECLINE. We expect some of the slowest
increases in gasoline and diesel production this year, widening
the gap between supply and demand growth by two to three
times. One of the major reasons is China’s drop in production,
spurred by lower domestic demand and the electriﬁcation of
transport, as well as the government’s anti-involution policy
drive. Cuts in the country’s fuel-reﬁning capacity already
outweigh the drop in domestic demand and have slowed
product exports.
In 2027, we expect approximately 1.3 million barrels per day
of capacity closures in China; and if anti-involution measures
progress, around three million barrels per day (about 16% of
China’s capacity) from small independents—“teapot” reﬁners
—could be eliminated over the next few years, alongside
environmental and taxation tightening. India is set to emerge
as the only key supplier to incrementally support transport
fuel needs globally until 2027.
CAN IT LAST? Over the past two decades, high reﬁnery
margins have persisted for three-year periods, followed by
declines. The current cycle is nearly four years old, and hence,
a key investor question is whether it has any upside left. But
past upcycles attracted new investment in the fuel reﬁning
sector, while this one has seen capacity shutdowns and
limited new investment planned. That said, it is possible that
current supply-side issues in Russia and Nigeria could unwind
in the near term and, along with the gradual scale-up of
capacities in India, could drive some normalization of margins
from current highs.
INVESTMENT IMPLICATIONS. Stocks for reﬁners have already
posted extraordinary gains this year: In the US, the S&P 500
Oil & Gas Reﬁning & Marketing Sub-Industry Index has risen
83% through the end of July. So far, however, the market has
been pricing in expectations for reﬁners based on past
midcycle performance, while we expect higher midcycle
performance this time, which should continue to drive 30%–
50% earnings upgrades for select reﬁners. With higher
availability of crude oil from Venezuela and newer grades
from the Middle East and Iran, complex reﬁners that have
countercyclically invested in new reﬁning capacity may offer
around 35% equity upside, in our view.
Geographically, we like reﬁners from the US, Europe, the
Middle East, Africa, India, Thailand and Korea the most. In
China and Japan, we generally prefer upstream companies
over reﬁners in view of weaker domestic fuel demand. ■
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 5 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “The ‘Golden Age’ Goes Global.” For a
copy of the full report, please contact your Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  11
Short Takes
Note: We use market capitalization to represent exposure and rank the stocks
within sectors, displaying the representation in the MSCI ACWI Index's most
attractive quintile of 12-month forward P/E ratio. We smooth the series with a
three-month moving average. Source: FactSet, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Global Investment Ofﬁce as of Aug. 28, 2026
Source: Bloomberg Intelligence data,  Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Global Investment Ofﬁce as of July 2026
Source: FactSet, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as
of Aug. 28, 2026
Europe’s Discount Has Faded 
Since global manufacturing began to strengthen last
November, European equities have outperformed global
and US equities by nearly 2.1 and 4.8 percentage points,
respectively, based on MSCI Europe, ACWI and USA
indexes. Europe’s gains, in turn, have helped drive the
sharpest rerating for its equities versus global stocks in
more than two decades: The share of the MSCI Europe’s
market capitalization in the most attractive quintile of the
MSCI ACWI, based on 12-month forward price/earnings
ratios, fell from 1.7 times its benchmark weight last
October to 0.9 times in late July—the bottom quintile of
its history since 2004. With Europe’s valuation less
compelling, investors may now focus on companies’
ability to improve proﬁtability, potentially via AI-led
efﬁciency gains.—Alfredo Pinel, CAIA
Thematic ETF Flows: Mapping Capital and Momentum
Our ongoing analysis around thematic trends includes
tracking investment ﬂows across more than 1,000 thematic
ETFs, grouping Bloomberg’s classiﬁcations into our four
broad themes: AI & Tech Diffusion, Future of Energy,
Multipolar World and Societal Shifts. Data through July
2026 suggest that long-term demand for thematic exposure
remains positive, with trailing-12-month inﬂows reaching $88
billion, roughly doubling from the preceding 12 months.
Leadership remains with Multipolar World and AI & Tech
Diffusion, together representing about 86% of one-year
ﬂows. Recent momentum, however, is becoming more
varied: Societal Shifts shows the strongest three-month
improvement, while Multipolar World and Future of Energy
have slowed from earlier levels. Overall, the data suggests
durable structural demand, with somewhat uneven participation and momentum across the four themes that bear close
watching.—Jane Yu Sullivan, CFA, CAIA
Life Insurers Poised to Thrive in a Quality-Driven Market
Quality is back in style, and life insurers could be among
the biggest beneﬁciaries. Morgan Stanley & Co. Research
remains upbeat on ﬁnancials, particularly insurance, as
investors gravitate toward asset-light businesses with
strong cash ﬂow, steady earnings and healthy margins.
Life insurers look especially well positioned through the
second half of 2026, helped by favorable mortality
trends, resilient equity markets, growing fee-based
revenue and improving alternative investment returns,
notes the team. Earlier challenges, including investment-
spread pressure and elevated claims in certain beneﬁt
lines, also appear to be easing. With earnings expectations
moving higher, capital returns continuing and valuations
still attractive, the team sees further upside for US life insurers as the market rewards consistency, durable fundamentals and
reliable cash generation.—Joe Logan, CFA
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  12
CRYPTOCURRENCIES
Signs of Spring
Denny Galindo, CFA, Investment Strategist, Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management
Jane Yu Sullivan, CFA, CAIA, Investment Strategist, Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management
Sophia Psaila, Associate, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Since bitcoin’s inception in 2008, cryptocurrencies have
typically followed a four-year cycle. Each of the four cycles
has included a three-year bull market followed by a 12-to-14-
month bear market, often dubbed crypto winter. Our
framework for understanding the four-year cycle, detailed in
reports published each year beginning in 2022, features four
“seasons” of cryptocurrency. While the 2022–2026 cycle has
differed from prior ones in several respects, the current
crypto winter has largely followed the historical pattern.
Recently, our focus shifted from crypto winter to the next
season. Historically, “crypto spring” has begun quietly, with
prices stabilizing while public interest remains subdued and
news headlines continue to focus on the prior downturn. Yet
beneath the surface, the crypto industry’s foundations have
often strengthened through institutional adoption,
infrastructure investment, regulatory progress and
technological innovation.
INDICATORS OF SPRING. Several indicators have historically
marked the transition from crypto winter to crypto spring.
And while no single one is deﬁnitive, many now appear to be
falling into place.
The calendar recently suggested crypto spring could begin
between August and December 2026, while bitcoin
drawdown metrics leave open the possibility of one ﬁnal
decline toward the $30,000–$40,000 range. At the same
time, recent developments—including a sharp decline in
bitcoin-mining difﬁculty, the closure of crypto derivatives
exchange BitMEX and heightened scrutiny of enterprise
software and bitcoin treasury company Strategy—suggest
that some of the industry’s bellwethers continue to bear the
brunt of crypto winter. Several indicators resemble conditions
observed during prior crypto springs, though conﬁrmation
remains elusive and historical patterns may not repeat (see
chart).
BITCOIN’S NEXT HIGH? During both the 2012–2016 spring
and 2016–2020 spring, bitcoin did not surpass its prior cycle
high until after the halving. The 2024 cycle broke that
pattern, with bitcoin surpassing the 2021 high approximately
one month before the April 2024 new supply halving,
potentially reﬂecting investors front-running the supply
shock following the launch of spot bitcoin ETPs.
Bitcoin reached its most recent all-time high of approximately
$125,000 on Oct. 6, 2025. If the next cycle resembles the
2024 experience, bitcoin could surpass that high before the
April 2028 halving; if it resembles the prior two cycles, a new
high may not occur until after the halving.
Crypto Spring Has Not Yet Been Conﬁrmed
Note: Bitcoin Difﬁculty is a measure of how difﬁcult it is for miners to solve the computational puzzle required to mine a new block. Thermocap multiple is a
price-to-book analog for bitcoin based on bitcoin’s market capitalization relative to the cumulative value of bitcoin mined since inception, valued at the market
price when each bitcoin was mined.  
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Ofﬁce as of July 31, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  13
AI VERSUS CRYPTO. A more bearish possibility is that crypto
no longer commands the same share of speculative attention.
In 2020 and 2021, crypto was one of the clearest expressions
of a high-liquidity, disruptive-technology market. Since 2024,
however, AI has become the dominant growth story.
Semiconductor stocks have substantially outperformed
bitcoin since the October 2025 crypto peak, suggesting that
investors have increasingly favored AI over digital assets as
the market’s fastest horse. If that leadership persists, crypto
could struggle to attract the same amount of marginal
capital, even during a favorable seasonal window.
That does not mean the crypto cycle is broken. Rather, the
next crypto bull market may have to compete for capital with
a more mature and powerful technology theme. This could
result in a quieter spring, followed by a more selective
summer bull market concentrated in the crypto subsectors
most closely tied to real adoption, including stablecoins,
tokenization, payments, exchanges, custody and ﬁnancial
infrastructure.
DIMINISHING RETURNS OR IPHONE MOMENT? When
assessing the next bull market, there are two main schools of
thought. On one hand, each complete halving cycle has
generated smaller percentage bitcoin returns than the one
before it. The 2021 cycle produced only one-ﬁfth of the
returns of the 2017 cycle, and 2025-cycle returns were only
one-third those of the 2021 cycle. This is not surprising:
Bitcoin’s market capitalization is far larger today than it was in
2013, 2017 or 2021, and assets with greater market
capitalizations generally require more capital to generate the
same percentage appreciation.
On the other hand, technology adoption often follows an S-
curve. Early adoption occurs slowly before reaching an
inﬂection point as adoption moves from early adopters to the
“early majority.” The iPhone reached this point around 2011.
Its share of the global smartphone market increased from
approximately 3% in 2008 to 10% in 2011, before accelerating
to approximately 50% by 2016—the iPhone moment had
arrived. While some investors argue that bitcoin could
eventually experience a more rapid adoption phase, similar to
other technologies that have moved beyond early adopters,
there is no assurance that bitcoin adoption will accelerate or
follow comparable patterns.
Bitcoin may be nearing the end of its early-adoption phase.
Using gold, silver and bitcoin as proxies for the ﬁat-alternative
market, bitcoin currently represents only around 4%, leaving
substantial room for adoption if investors increasingly view it
as an alternative store of value. Meanwhile, many of the
ingredients may now be in place for the early majority to
adopt bitcoin: Investment products have proliferated, banks
and brokerages are increasingly allowing bitcoin investments,
bitcoin is increasingly being used as collateral and some
institutions are experimenting with it as a diversiﬁer.
There are good arguments for both views—whether adoption
will remain more linear or accelerate at a notable inﬂection
point. Adoption could even reverse as investments such as AI
offer more compelling opportunities. However, the debate
between diminishing returns and an adoption inﬂection point
may be a key theme of the next crypto cycle.
THE LEVERAGE FACTOR. Another indicator of excess is
leverage, which was relatively muted during the last cycle but
could fuel a stronger bull market if it builds more
aggressively in the next cycle. One notable difference this
cycle is that leverage did not reach a new high after the
2020–2021 bull market. The smaller DeFi footprint suggests
that speculative activity remained more restrained than in the
previous cycle, which may help explain why bitcoin’s
drawdown has been less severe than in prior winters. The
trade-off, however, is that future upside may also be more
muted. Given that leverage was never as elevated this cycle,
the next bull market may have less balance-sheet capacity to
fuel another speculative surge.
POTENTIAL VALUATION FRAMEWORKS? Each cycle has seen
the rise of new frameworks for valuing bitcoin. During the
2016–2020 cycle, Metcalfe’s Law—the theory that a
network’s value increases with the number of users—was
commonly applied to bitcoin. During the 2020 2024 cycle,
stock-to-ﬂow, which linked bitcoin’s value to the rate at which
new supply was created, gained prominence. During the
current cycle, the relationship between bitcoin and global
money supply has attracted greater attention as a potential
explanation for bitcoin’s price movements. These frameworks
have often lost favor in subsequent cycles as bitcoin’s
behavior changed. Will global money supply remain an
important predictor of bitcoin prices in the next cycle, or will
another framework take its place? The power law, which
models bitcoin’s historical price appreciation as a function of
time and implies diminishing percentage returns as bitcoin
matures, is one possibility. Alternatively, an entirely new
valuation framework may emerge as investors attempt to
explain bitcoin’s price action in the next cycle.
History never precisely repeats itself, but as the saying goes,
it often rhymes. While this cycle has differed from previous
ones in some ways, many of the deﬁning characteristics of
crypto winter have unfolded largely as expected, and an
increasing number of indicators now resemble the early
stages of prior crypto springs. While there is no way to know
exactly how the next cycle will unfold, understanding the
historical patterns, valuation frameworks and risks
surrounding digital assets can help investors better evaluate
the opportunities and uncertainties that lie ahead. ■
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 28 Morgan Stanley
Wealth Management report, “AlphaCurrents Crypto: Signs of
Spring.” For a copy of the full report, please contact your
Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  14
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Summer of AI Financing
Vishwanath Tirupattur, Chief Fixed Income Strategist and Director of
Quantitative Research, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Vishwas Patkar, Head of US Corporate Credit Strategy, Morgan Stanley & Co.
LLC
The summer of 2026 may ultimately be remembered not for
a new model release or a breakthrough semiconductor chip,
but for developments in AI (artiﬁcial intelligence) ﬁnancing
that highlighted how quickly capital markets are adapting to
the demands of the AI build-out.
In just a few months, hyperscalers materially increased
already ambitious capex plans, public and private credit
markets took on a larger role in funding AI infrastructure,
investors differentiated more sharply among borrowers and
business models across the AI-ﬁnancing ecosystem and
ﬁnancing structures evolved rapidly—extending deeper into
the value chain and increasingly targeting individual
components, particularly chips.
None of this was wholly unexpected. The scale of AI
investment has long suggested that traditional funding
channels alone would prove insufﬁcient. What has been
remarkable is the speed, breadth and creativity with which
markets have responded. Yet beneath the headlines lie
important lessons for investors as the next phase of the AI
investment cycle unfolds.
RISING CAPEX COMMITMENTS. The starting point remains
unchanged: Demand for computing power (compute)
continues to outstrip supply, resulting in upward revisions in
AI infrastructure capex expectations as hyperscalers commit
additional capital to secure future capacity. Our Morgan
Stanley & Co. equity research colleagues now estimate that
total capex for the four largest hyperscalers will rise 57% in
2027 versus 2026. These spending plans reﬂect growing
conviction that such investments can generate 25%-plus
returns on invested capital. (See the July 27 Morgan Stanley &
Co. report, “The Paths to 25-50% GenAI ROIC.”)
At the same time, the lag between capex deployment and
monetization continues to pressure near-term cash
generation, with our equity analysts’ 2027 free-cash-ﬂow
forecasts for the four hyperscalers continuing to move lower.
The result is a widening ﬁnancing gap in 2027, reinforcing our
view that AI-related credit issuance will remain substantial
and may need to increase further before cash ﬂows from
these investments begin to catch up.
DIVERGING CREDIT SPREADS. Developments in credit
spreads this summer have been equally telling. They widened
meaningfully for hyperscalers, at one point reaching roughly
35 basis points wider on the year for higher-quality issuers
and approximately 50 basis points for lower-rated names,
before rallying sharply in early-to-mid-August. More notable
than the absolute move, however, was the divergence across
ﬁnancing channels. Spread widening was most pronounced in
higher-quality unsecured bonds, where issuance volumes
accelerated sharply and investors remain exposed to a
broader range of risks tied to the AI investment cycle.
By contrast, spread widening in data-center asset-backed
securities (ABS) and commercial mortgage-backed securities
(CMBS) was more modest. These structures are backed by
operating assets that have already been constructed,
powered and leased, with contractual cash ﬂows largely
established. Combined with a more measured issuance pace,
these characteristics have helped insulate securitized credit
from the volatility seen in unsecured markets.
The divergence across credit markets also reﬂects differences
in issuer incentives and sensitivity to funding costs, which will
shape issuance volumes going forward. At the higher end of
the quality spectrum, the major hyperscalers, with average
credit ratings of roughly AA, combine substantial ﬁnancing
needs with signiﬁcant ratings ﬂexibility. We would also
include leading semiconductor companies such as Nvidia and
Broadcom in this group. Given their ROIC expectations, these
issuers are relatively insensitive to modest changes in
borrowing costs. Higher funding costs alone are unlikely to
materially slow capital-raising by the highest-quality
participants in the AI ecosystem.
The opposite is true further down the quality spectrum.
Select issuers and data-center developers including former
bitcoin miners and REITs, have less balance-sheet ﬂexibility
and lower tolerance for higher funding costs. For these
borrowers, wider spreads represent a more meaningful
constraint, making funding costs a natural stabilizer of future
supply.
EVOLVING STRUCTURES. The next phase of AI ﬁnancing is
also likely to look different as incremental capex shifts from
data-center shells toward compute equipment, particularly
servers and chips, as well as energy assets. Financing
structures will evolve accordingly. While some of these assets
have already been ﬁnanced via high yield bonds and leveraged
loans, compute infrastructure is particularly well suited to
asset-level ﬁnancing, creating a larger role for private capital.
Recent developments pointed in this direction, including
Nvidia’s recently announced compute infrastructure ﬁnancing
platform and the Broadcom-backed $35 billion chip ﬁnancing
transaction. We also expect continued innovation in ﬁnancing
structures, building on transactions such as that featuring the
Beignet special purpose vehicle in late 2025 and, more
recently, Sopaipilla.
Importantly, the emergence of large-scale component
ﬁnancing is likely to be enabled by the highest-quality issuers
ﬂexing their ratings and balance-sheet strength. We expect
these issuers to increasingly provide backstops, credit support
arrangements and residual-value guarantees, helping private
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  15
capital underwrite ever-larger pools of AI-infrastructure
assets.
As AI scales from a technology cycle into a capital cycle,
understanding the nuances of ﬁnancing is becoming
increasingly important. The AI ﬁnancing ecosystem is
expanding rapidly, but not uniformly. Differentiation across
credit channels will likely increase as each channel absorbs a
distinct set of risks, while issuer behavior will increasingly
diverge based on capital requirements, ratings ﬂexibility and
sensitivity to funding costs. The result will be a more complex
and segmented market in which ﬁnancing outcomes become
an increasingly important determinant of competitive
outcomes.
In the next phase of the AI build-out, understanding the ﬂow
of capital may prove nearly as important as understanding
the ﬂow of innovation itself. AI is no longer just a technology
story. It is increasingly a capital markets story. ■
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 16 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “Summer of AI Financing.” For a copy of
the full report, please contact your Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  16
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
Buying Time
Seth B. Carpenter, Chief Global Economist, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
The coordinated US-Japan intervention at the end of July to
support the yen was signiﬁcant for global markets. A crowded
short-yen position was squeezed, the USD/JPY exchange rate
fell sharply and investors reassessed the policy outlook on
both sides of the Paciﬁc. But while the intervention changed
the market narrative, it did not change our fundamental view.
The key question remains whether the forces behind yen
weakness are starting to reverse. We think the answer is yes,
but not yet.
The intervention was unusual in several respects. Japanese
authorities appear to have acted with limited advance
signaling, likely maximizing the impact on speculative
positioning. Policymakers also formally acknowledged
coordinated US-Japan action, unlike in prior intervention
episodes. And the US Treasury’s participation occurred
through EUR/JPY rather than USD/JPY. In our strategists’ view,
that route helped support Japan’s efforts while limiting
questions about a broader shift in US foreign exchange policy.
LIMITED POLICY IMPLICATIONS. In our view, the implications
of the intervention itself for the policy backdrop are limited.
Our Japan economists still expect Bank of Japan (BOJ) hikes in
October and March, with that timing predicated on the BOJ,
not Japan’s Ministry of Finance. Our terminal rate forecast
remains unchanged, at 1.5%. We expect inﬂation to moderate
and, once the terminal rate is reached, the BOJ to proceed
cautiously as it assesses the lagged effects of earlier
tightening.
Much like our economists’ views, our foreign exchange
strategists’ yen framework has not changed. We continue to
focus on three drivers of USD/JPY: Federal Reserve
expectations, Japan’s terms of trade and global risk sentiment.
Forex intervention can affect positioning and ﬂows, and BOJ
policy can inﬂuence expectations at the margin. But neither is
the dominant force behind the broader trend. In their fair-
value framework, changes in US rates remain far more
important than changes in Japanese rates.
POSITIONING BRUSHBACK. This is why we do not see the
BOJ as especially focused on the yen’s level itself. The
concern is more about what yen weakness or the speed of
moves in the yen implies for inﬂation expectations, import
costs and the risk of appearing behind the curve. Recent
communications have elevated exchange-rate developments,
but domestic inﬂation fundamentals still justify waiting until
October. In that sense, intervention looks less like a defense
of a speciﬁc USD/JPY level and more like a brushback from
one-way positioning.
The US role in the intervention adds another layer of
complexity. Treasury's involvement was explicit, with the
action formally announced and the New York Fed conducting
the associated EUR/JPY operations. Japan's use of proceeds
from the Fed's Foreign and International Monetary Authorities
(FIMA) facility rather than outright Treasury sales also
allowed it to raise dollar liquidity without adding to Treasury
supply, helping support the intervention while limiting
broader market spillovers. Even so, investors remain focused
on the extent to which Treasury and the Fed are aligned on
foreign exchange policy.
THE FED’S IMPACT. But for the yen, as we said, our outlook
depends much more on the Fed than on intervention or the
BOJ. We have expected the Fed to be on hold, in stark
contrast to market pricing. If we are right, the shift in market
pricing will support the yen. Our US team expects inﬂation
pressures to moderate as tariff pass-through fades, shelter
inﬂation slows, core services normalize and labor-market
dynamics soften. The July nonfarm payrolls report was
another step in that direction, but it was not dispositive. The
market is still pricing over one hike, and it is that unwind that
we think can fundamentally underpin the yen.
For equity markets, a stronger yen driven by lower US rates is
different from one driven by weaker global growth. Our base
case is moderating inﬂation, lower expected policy rates and
easier ﬁnancial conditions, not recession. That backdrop
should remain broadly constructive for global equities.
Japanese equities may face a less supportive foreign exchange
backdrop, but our strategists still see domestic reﬂation,
corporate reform and valuations as more important medium-
term drivers.
The bottom line is that intervention matters mainly at the
margin unless you are trading the currency by itself. It pushed
against one-way positioning, but the yen's direction will
ultimately depend on the fundamentals. In our view, Fed hikes
get priced out, so a stronger yen and supportive risk backdrop
can coexist. ■
This article was excerpted from the Aug. 10 Morgan Stanley &
Co. Research report, “Buying Time.” For a copy of the full
report, please contact your Financial Advisor.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  17
Q&A
From Sleepy to Supercycle: The Rise
of Infrastructure
Infrastructure is undergoing a transformation. Once seen as a
defensive investment based on highly regulated utility
revenues, infrastructure has evolved over the past two
decades into a more dynamic asset class with high growth
potential. “We are in an infrastructure supercycle,” says Sadek
Wahba, chairman and managing partner of I Squared Capital.
He recently talked with Brandon Dees, head of institutional
portfolio solutions at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management,
about the evolution of infrastructure as an investment—and
what still needs to be done. Below is an edited excerpt from
their Aug. 12 conversation.
Brandon Dees (BD): Your experience in infrastructure goes
back more than 20 years. As you look back, what would you
say has changed the most?
Sadek Wahba (SW): What’s most different is how
infrastructure has actually evolved: It didn’t take off the way
people thought it would.
Although infrastructure was identiﬁed in the early 2000s as a
critical sector for investment, in reality, governments and
states were happy with the status quo. It wasn’t until after
the global ﬁnancial crisis—when governments were no longer
able to fully invest in it—that infrastructure developed as the
public-private partnership that had been envisioned.
BD: Infrastructure investing is booming today. What’s driving
that?
SW: We are in an infrastructure supercycle, and the number-
one reason has been the realization that proper infrastructure
is essential to maintaining economic growth. People drew
that lesson from China’s massive investment in infrastructure
and all the positive externalities that were generated by it.
Starting in the 1980s, China spent more than 8% of GDP on
infrastructure, while the US has spent less than 2%. A dollar
invested in infrastructure has a big multiplier effect—one and
a half times or more on GDP.
Of course, we’ve also had a technology revolution in the form
of AI. Over $100 trillion in investment is needed over the
coming decade-plus. Digital infrastructure is a big chunk,
which really was not anticipated even a few years ago. And
20 years ago, data centers were a sleepy thing; there had
been massive overinvestment in ﬁber optic in the 2000s, so
we weren’t even thinking about them. Today, the
technological change and need for computation mean we
need data centers, power generation and the infrastructure
around all of it.
Since COVID, national security concerns and strategic
competition with economies like China have spurred
infrastructure investment as well. The US, for example, wants
to ensure sufﬁcient supplies of critical elements and
medications. There is also a desire on the part of US
policymakers and voters to create national industries, putting
“America ﬁrst.” That idea is not new, but it has its ups and
downs.
BD: Since you founded I Squared in 2012, you’ve focused on
the middle market in infrastructure. Why is that area
compelling?
SW: The exciting thing about the middle market is that it
offers opportunities to buy and build platforms and scale
them up. In doing so, we can have greater control over the
quality of earnings; we can control the management and work
with them; and we can dial activity up or down depending on
market conditions. Optionality is extremely important. If you
have a very large company and you want to add new
technology, it’s not easy. When you have a company that
you’re building up, you can be much more nimble.
We focused here because the middle market segment within
infrastructure has historically outperformed, and we think
that’s precisely because of the high degree of freedom that
an investor can use to help create outperformance. Investing
in the middle market also allows us to build a highly
diversiﬁed portfolio, as opposed to buying very large
transactions that are concentrated.
BD: Let’s talk about the role of infrastructure in an investor’s
portfolio. In the past, infrastructure was often seen as a
defensive asset. What is your view currently?
SW: To answer that, let’s go back and understand the
characteristics that you typically see in an infrastructure
portfolio.
First, infrastructure is generally a physical asset, or a service
provided to physical assets. Both a power plant and the
pipeline bringing gas to it are infrastructure assets. Physical
assets can be appealing when people are worried about entire
businesses disappearing, like software. The second thing that
differentiates infrastructure is that it tends to be a
monopolistic asset, like an airport, in which case there’s some
regulated structure that can help provide a stable return.
Turning to the differences between 20 years ago and today,
the pressure on, and demand for, infrastructure assets is very
high now. We see a surge in demand for airports, for example
—with better systems, better safety and better quality.
Regulators therefore want to see continued investment, and
that requires earning an appropriate return—one linked to
inﬂation. This point is very important now because inﬂation
hasn’t been tamed the way we thought it would be.
Exogenous factors are impacting prices for commodities,
crude oil and so on, which is pushing inﬂation up.
The other element that didn’t really exist years ago in
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  18
infrastructure is growth potential. In the past, a lot of
infrastructure was regulated and staid—utilities were, as you
said, defensive investments. That’s not the case anymore. The
US desperately needs power due to onshoring, new industrial
policies and the AI boom. It also needs gas pipelines, oil
pipelines, transmission-distribution lines, water systems to
provide cooling and roads to access data centers in remote
areas. So, as a whole ecosystem is being developed, you’re
now looking at more variety of infrastructure assets with high
growth potential.
If you combine all of this, you have an asset that is not as
correlated with equities or debt as many other sectors are.
You also have inﬂation-hedging and growth exposure. An
investor can potentially generate a real cash yield and a real
return over inﬂation.
BD: In your book, “Build: Investing in America’s Infrastructure,”
you say that the US infrastructure crisis is not going to be
solved by one federal bill or one round of spending. What do
you think is wrong?
SW: The system that we have in the US relies mostly—except
for some key sectors—on the government: federal, state and
local. In some sectors, there is a big role for the private sector
and in others, none whatsoever. Airports, on one hand, are
99% effectively owned by cities and states, and federally
regulated, but the energy sector is almost all run by private
sector companies.
For a capitalist system like the US, it’s strange that you have
entirely government-run sectors. No one is advocating for the
private sector to run everything, but there is no reason why
private companies cannot be involved in some sectors like
airports, toll roads and water management. Wherever the
private sector can provide more efﬁcient management that
increases productivity, operating margins and proﬁtability for
all, then we should encourage the private sector to be
involved.
Ultimately, we need more ﬂexibility and deregulation, and we
need to accept that the private sector can help in many cases.
BD: Water is a very emotionally charged area in
infrastructure, given the breakdown in Flint, Michigan. What
do you see as the correct model for water infrastructure?
SW: The correct model relies on an acknowledgement that
there are three parties involved in the management of our
water resources: the owner of the asset, the regulator and
the manager. Today, all three are the same entity, and my
position is that this is inefﬁcient and leads to conﬂicts of
interest and disasters like Flint.
The regulator should always be the government—whether
it’s at the state, federal or local level doesn’t matter. The
water asset could be owned by the state or it could be fully
privatized—that also doesn’t matter. It all depends on the
model that you want. Now, should the owner also be the
manager? Not necessarily, and not if the owner is the state.
If you solve that dilemma—if you break up that conﬂicted
relationship between owner, regulator and manager, I think
you have a much better model that can succeed.
BD: Where do you see opportunities for investment today?
SW: In digital infrastructure, ﬁrst, we believe ﬁber optic is a
very attractive sector; there’s going to be demand for ﬁber
optic for connecting not just enterprises but also one data
center to another, as well as for passing information swiftly
across oceans.
Number-two is data centers. There are very interesting
opportunities in both lending to build hyperscaler data
centers and investing in what we call cloud-based data
centers: Although the focus in AI is now on training models,
we see inference coming up very soon. We’ve also invested in
power generation that effectively supplies major companies
under long-term contracts.
As for traditional infrastructure, we’ve invested in waste
management and public transport—which is about as old-
fashioned as you can think of—in both Europe and the US.
BD: Are there any risks in infrastructure today that investors
may be overlooking? 
SW: We debate two types of risks. The ﬁrst is
macroeconomic: where interest rates are going, where
unemployment is going, etc. That said, this risk is able to be
hedged because investing in the middle market allows for the
ability to scale up and scale down and leverage optionality.
The second risk is regulation. With deﬁcits so high,
governments are relying more and more on the private sector
to develop digital infrastructure. So the questions become,
what regulation do we expect in that sector, and how
intrusive or nonintrusive will it be? It’s very important to
watch how it evolves across borders. Also, will security and
competition issues result in new import and export
regulations?
Cutting across both is inﬂation risk. Will it eat into revenues?
Will it raise the cost of debt? We try to address these
questions up front. Although we have a global view, we invest
locally, so we try to understand the speciﬁcs of each
investment within its local ecosystem. That is the best
defense against these types of risks that we cannot control. ■
Sadek Wahba is not an employee of Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management or its afﬁliates. Opinions expressed by him are
his own and may not necessarily reﬂect those of Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management or its afﬁliates. Certain
statements are forward-looking and based on current
expectations and assumptions; actual results may differ
materially.
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  19
Global Investment Committee
Tactical Asset Allocation
The Global Investment Committee provides guidance on asset allocation decisions through its various allocation models. The
ﬁve models below include allocations to traditional assets, real assets and hedged strategies. They are based on an increasing
scale of risk (expected volatility) and expected return.
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC as of July 1, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  20
The Global Investment Committee provides guidance on asset allocation decisions through its various allocation models. The
ﬁve models below include allocations to traditional assets and alternative investments, including privates, and are
recommended for investors with over $10 million in investable assets. They are based on an increasing scale of risk (expected
volatility) and expected return.
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC as of July 1, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  21
Tactical Asset Allocation Reasoning
Global Equities Weight Relative to
Model Benchmark  
US Overweight
The productivity-boom thesis catalyzed by the GenAI-capex build-out, along with aggressive
ﬁscal and regulatory stimulus, has become very much consensus. Forecasts are ambitious and
embed an expectation for cyclical broadening that takes "S&P 493" earnings growth from 6%–
8% in 2025 to 24%–26% in 2026. In a market that is already expensive, concentrated and
complacent, this suggests the aperture for upside surprise is narrow, and markets are apt to be
quite brittle in the face of exogenous shocks. With midterm-election-related policy already
hitting a fever pitch, potential for these undiscounted events to occur is rising. Thus, while we
are bullish (with MS & Co.'s 2Q2027 S&P 500 Index target at 8,300), we prefer stock-picking
to simply owning the cap-weighted index. Favor ﬁnancials, health care, select industrials and
energy.
International Equities  (Developed
Markets) Underweight
Fiscal stimulus, a response to the "America First" agenda, has helped to drive recent
outperformance. This is creating rest-of-world (ROW) opportunities that may simultaneously
enjoy monetary, ﬁscal and currency-related stimulus. The outlook is improving in Japan, as
corporate restructuring occurs alongside a reﬂationary surge three decades in the making.
Emerging Markets Overweight
The "new Monroe Doctrine" creates opportunities not only for pro-business political stability in
Latin America, but also for direct investment. For Asia, strategic realignment opportunities
continue to surface, as the US turns away and the US-China trade conﬂict has effectively
reached a one-year truce, fostering opportunities. India remains a recommended secular
growth long. The GIC reduced its oveweight after a signiﬁncant rally in semiconductor names,
which skewed index composition.
Global Fixed Income Weight Relative to
Model Benchmark  
US Investment Grade Underweight
The GIC maintains close-to-neutral views in investment grade. In the ﬁrst half of 2026, solid
growth, supported by ﬁscal stimulus, and inﬂationary pressures supported a higher-for-longer
interest rate environment. Should the Fed maintain a "hold" versus enacting a hike as its next
move, investors could ﬁnd some value in IG. As a point of caution, we do anticipate a surge in
IG corporate issuance, on the back of increasing capex and rising M&A deal activity. Given the
picture, we recommend limited short-duration exposure and moving toward the “belly of the
curve” to capture decent coupons with lower price volatility. We see the long end continuing
to be plagued by structural imbalances that show up as widening term premiums.
Opportunistic 
Fixed Income Market-Weight
High yield is competing effectively, with better liquidity, greater transparency and more
favorable credit quality than private credit. In ROW and emerging market debt, yields are
decent, and there may be modest room for spread tightening, as economic growth improves.
Alternative Investments Weight Relative to
Model Benchmark  
Real Assets Overweight
We expect higher stock-bond correlations, which place a premium on the diversiﬁcation
beneﬁts of investing in real assets. Nevertheless, with real interest rates positive and services
inﬂation remaining quite sticky, we would need to be selective in adding to this asset class
broadly. We are focused on industrial metals, energy infrastructure and interesting
opportunities aimed at solving the residential housing shortage.
Hedged Strategies Overweight
We added to equity hedged positions early in 2026, noting the pickup in idiosyncratic risk and
rising stock level dispersion. The current environment appears constructive for hedge fund
managers, who are frequently good stock-pickers and can use leverage and risk management
to potentially amplify returns. We prefer very active and fundamental strategies, especially
high-quality, low-beta, low-volatility and absolute return/market neutral strategies.
Note: Opportunistic Fixed Income includes Inﬂation-Linked Securities, High Yield Fixed Income, International Fixed Income and Emerging Market Fixed Income. The
GIC asset allocation models’ benchmarks do not include exposure to Opportunistic Fixed Income. Real Assets includes Real Estate/REITs, Commodities and Energy
Infrastructure/MLPs. Hedged Strategies include Absolute Return Assets, Equity Hedge Assets and Equity Return Assets. 
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GlC as of July 1, 2026
ON THE MARKETS
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  22
Disclosure Section
Important Information
The Global Investment Committee (GIC) is a group of seasoned investment professionals from Morgan Stanley & Co. and Morgan Stanley
Wealth Management who meet regularly to discuss the global economy and markets. The committee determines the investment outlook that
guides our advice to clients. They continually monitor developing economic and market conditions, review tactical outlooks and recommend
asset allocation model weightings, as well as produce a suite of strategy, analysis, commentary, portfolio positioning suggestions and other
reports and broadcasts.
This material is primarily authored by, and reﬂects the opinions of, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Member SIPC), as well as identiﬁed
guest authors. Articles contributed by employees of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (Member SIPC) or one of its afﬁliates are used under license
from Morgan Stanley.
Seth B. Carpenter, Brandon Dees, Terence C. Flynn, Denny Galindo, Joe Logan, Mayank Maheshwari, Brian Nowak, Vishwas Patkar, Alfredo Pinel,
Sophia Psaila and Jane Yu Sullivan are not members of the Global Investment Committee and any implementation strategies suggested have
not been reviewed or approved by the Global Investment Committee
For index, indicator and survey deﬁnitions referenced in this report please visit the following:https://www.morganstanley.com/wealth-
investmentsolutions/wmir-deﬁnitions
Additional Index Deﬁnitions
S&P INSURANCE SELECT INDUSTRY INDEX This index comprises stocks in the S&P Total Market Index that are classiﬁed in the GICS Insurance
Brokers, Life & Health Insurance, Multi-Line Insurance, Property & Casualty Insurance and Reinsurance sub-industries. 
S&P FINANCIALS SECTOR INDEX This index comprises those companies included in the S&P 500 that are classiﬁed as members of the GICS
ﬁnancials sector. 
The views and opinions and/or analysis expressed in the Q&A section are those of the MSREI team as of the date of preparation of this material
and are subject to change at any time without notice due to market or economic conditions and may not necessarily come to pass.
Furthermore, the views will not be updated or otherwise revised to reﬂect information that subsequently becomes available or circumstances
existing, or changes occurring, after the date of publication. The views expressed do not reﬂect the opinions of all investment personnel at
Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) and its subsidiaries and afﬁliates (collectively “the Firm”).
Forecasts and/or estimates provided herein are subject to change and may not actually come to pass. Information regarding expected market
returns and market outlooks is based on the research, analysis and opinions of the authors or the investment team. These conclusions are
speculative in nature, may not come to pass and are not intended to predict the future performance of any speciﬁc strategy or product the
Firm offers. Future results may differ signiﬁcantly depending on factors such as changes in securities or ﬁnancial markets or general economic
conditions. This material has been prepared on the basis of publicly available information, internally developed data and other third-party
sources believed to be reliable. However, no assurances are provided regarding the reliability of such information and the Firm has not sought
to independently verify information taken from public and third-party sources.
This material is a general communication, which is not impartial and all information provided has been prepared solely for informational and
educational purposes and does not constitute an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell any particular security or to adopt any speciﬁc
investment strategy.
Important note regarding economic sanctions. This report may involve the discussion of country/ies which are generally the subject of selective
sanctions programs administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Ofﬁce of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the European
Union and/or by other countries or multi-national bodies. The content of this presentation is for informational purposes and does not represent
Morgan Stanley’s view as to whether or not any of the Persons, instruments or investments discussed are or may become subject to
sanctions. Any references in this report to entities or instruments that may be covered by such sanctions should not be read as recommending
or advising on any investment activities involving such entities or instruments. Users of this report are solely responsible for ensuring that your
investment activities in relation to any sanctioned country/ies are carried out in compliance with applicable sanctions.
Glossary
Alpha is the excess return of an investment relative to the return of a benchmark index.
Artiﬁcial Intelligence (AI) A ﬁeld of study that seeks to train computers to process large amounts of unstructured information in a manner
similar to human intelligence, capable of performing tasks such as learning and problem solving.
Beta is a measure of the volatility, or systematic risk, of a security or a portfolio in comparison to the market as a whole.
Correlation This is a statistical measure of how two securities move in relation to each other. This measure is often converted into what is
known as correlation coefﬁcient, which ranges between -1 and +1. Perfect positive correlation (a correlation coefﬁcient of +1) implies that as one
security moves, either up or down, the other security will move in lockstep, in the same direction. Alternatively, perfect negative correlation
means that if one security moves in either direction the security that is perfectly negatively correlated will move in the opposite direction. If the
correlation is 0, the movements of the securities are said to have no correlation; they are completely random. A correlation greater than 0.8 is
generally described as strong, whereas a correlation less than 0.5 is generally described as weak. 
Equity risk premium is the excess return that an individual stock or the overall stock market provides over a risk-free rate. The risk-free rate
represents the interest an investor would expect from an absolutely risk-free investment over a speciﬁed period of time.
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  23
Term premium is the excess yield that investors require to commit to holding a long-term bond instead of a series of shorter-term bonds.
Price to forward earnings calculates the price-to-earnings ratio that uses projected future earnings.
Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is the GDP of the country measured at current market prices and adjusted for inﬂation or deﬂation.
Volatility This is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using
the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. Commonly, the higher the volatility, the riskier the
security.
Hedged Strategy Deﬁnitions
Absolute return: This type of investing describes a category of investment strategies and mutual funds that seek to earn a positive return over
time—regardless of whether markets are going up, down, or sideways—and to do so with less volatility than stocks.
Equity Hedge is a hedge fund investment strategy with a typical goal of providing equity-like returns while limiting the impact of downside
market movements and volatility on an investor's portfolio. Managers utilize long and short positions, primarily in equity and equity-related
instruments, to achieve this goal.
Risk Considerations 
The sole purpose of this material is to inform, and it in no way is intended to be an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any security, other
investment or service, or to attract any funds or deposits. Investments mentioned may not be appropriate for all clients. Any product discussed
herein may be purchased only after a client has carefully reviewed the offering memorandum and executed the subscription documents.
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management has not considered the actual or desired investment objectives, goals, strategies, guidelines, or factual
circumstances of any investor in any fund(s). Before making any investment, each investor should carefully consider the risks associated with
the investment, as discussed in the applicable offering memorandum, and make a determination based upon their own particular circumstances,
that the investment is consistent with their investment objectives and risk tolerance.
Alternative Investments
Alternative investments may be either traditional alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, fund of hedge funds, private equity,
private real estate and managed futures or, non-traditional products such as mutual funds and exchange-traded funds that also seek alternative-
like exposure but have signiﬁcant differences from traditional alternative investments. Alternative investments often are speculative and include
a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. Alternative investments are appropriate only for
eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indeﬁnite period of time. They may be highly illiquid
and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typically
have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. Certain of these
risks may include but are not limited to: Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other
speculative practices; Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; Volatility of returns; Restrictions on transferring
interests in a fund; Potential lack of diversiﬁcation and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is
utilized; Absence of information regarding valuations and pricing; Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; Less regulation and higher
fees than mutual funds; and Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager. Further, opinions regarding
Alternative Investments expressed herein may differ from the opinions expressed by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and/or other
businesses/afﬁliates of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management.
Certain information contained herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, results
or the performance of a fund may differ materially from those reﬂected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Clients should
carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of a fund before investing.
Alternative investments involve complex tax structures, tax inefﬁcient investing, and delays in distributing important tax information. Individual
funds have speciﬁc risks related to their investment programs that will vary from fund to fund. Clients should consult their own tax and legal
advisors as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management does not provide tax or legal advice.
Interests in alternative investment products are offered pursuant to the terms of the applicable offering memorandum, are distributed by
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and certain of its afﬁliates, and (1) are not FDIC-insured, (2) are not deposits or other obligations of Morgan
Stanley or any of its afﬁliates, (3) are not guaranteed by Morgan Stanley and its afﬁliates, and (4) involve investment risks, including possible
loss of principal. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is a registered broker-dealer, not a bank.
It is important to note that only eligible investors can invest in alternative investment funds and that in order for an FA/PWA to engage a
prospective investor in general discussions about Alternative Investments and speciﬁcally with regards to Private Funds, the prospective
investor will need to be pre-qualiﬁed through the Reg D system. 
Managed futures investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, use signiﬁcant leverage, have limited liquidity and/or may be
generally illiquid, may incur substantial charges, may subject investors to conﬂicts of interest, and are usually appropriate only for the risk
capital portion of an investor’s portfolio. Before investing in any partnership and in order to make an informed decision, investors should read
the applicable prospectus and/or offering documents carefully for additional information, including charges, expenses, and risks. Managed
futures investments are not intended to replace equities or ﬁxed income securities but rather may act as a complement to these asset
categories in a diversiﬁed portfolio.
Hedge funds may involve a high degree of risk, often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk
of investment loss, can be highly illiquid, are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors, may involve complex
tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information, are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds, often
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  24
charge high fees which may offset any trading proﬁts, and in many cases the underlying investments are not transparent and are known only to
the investment manager.
Hedge Funds of Funds and many funds of funds are private investment vehicles restricted to certain qualiﬁed private and institutional investors.
They are often speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors can lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. They may be
highly illiquid, can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase volatility and the risk of loss, and may be subject to
large investment minimums and initial lockups. They involve complex tax structures, tax-inefﬁcient investing and delays in distributing important
tax information. Categorically, hedge funds and funds of funds have higher fees and expenses than traditional investments, and such fees and
expenses can lower the returns achieved by investors. Funds of funds have an additional layer of fees over and above hedge fund fees that will
offset returns.
Private Real Estate: Risks of private real estate include: illiquidity; a long-term investment horizon with a limited or nonexistent secondary
market; lack of transparency; volatility (risk of loss); and leverage. 
An investment in an exchange-traded fund involves risks similar to those of investing in a broadly based portfolio of equity securities traded on
an exchange in the relevant securities market, such as market ﬂuctuations caused by such factors as economic and political developments,
changes in interest rates and perceived trends in stock and bond prices. Investing in an international ETF also involves certain risks and
considerations not typically associated with investing in an ETF that invests in the securities of U.S. issues, such as political, currency, economic
and market risks. These risks are magniﬁed in countries with emerging markets, since these countries may have relatively unstable governments
and less established markets and economics. ETFs investing in physical commodities and commodity or currency futures have special tax
considerations. Physical commodities may be treated as collectibles subject to a maximum 28% long-term capital gains rates, while futures are
marked-to-market and may be subject to a blended 60% long- and 40% short-term capital gains tax rate. Rolling futures positions may create
taxable events. For speciﬁcs and a greater explanation of possible risks with ETFs¸ along with the ETF’s investment objectives, charges and
expenses, please consult a copy of the ETF’s prospectus. Investing in sectors may be more volatile than diversifying across many industries. The
investment return and principal value of ETF investments will ﬂuctuate, so an investor’s ETF shares (Creation Units), if or when sold, may be
worth more or less than the original cost. ETFs are redeemable only in Creation Unit size through an Authorized Participant and are not
individually redeemable from an ETF.
Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of an exchange-traded fund or mutual
fund before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information about the mutual fund. To obtain a prospectus, contact
your Financial Advisor or visit the mutual fund company’s website. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
An investment in a money market fund (MMF) is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other
government agency.  Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by
investing in the fund. The price of other MMFs will ﬂuctuate and when you sell shares they may be worth more or less than originally paid.
MMFs may impose a fee upon sale or temporarily suspend sales if liquidity falls below required minimums. During suspensions, shares would
not be available for purchases, withdrawals, check writing or ATM debits.
Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) are limited partnerships or limited liability companies that are taxed as partnerships and whose interests
(limited partnership units or limited liability company units) are traded on securities exchanges like shares of common stock. Currently, most
MLPs operate in the energy, natural resources or real estate sectors. Investments in MLP interests are subject to the risks generally applicable
to companies in the energy and natural resources sectors, including commodity pricing risk, supply and demand risk, depletion risk and
exploration risk. MLPs carry interest rate risk and may underperform in a rising interest rate environment.
International investing entails greater risk, as well as greater potential rewards compared to U.S. investing. These risks include political and
economic uncertainties of foreign countries as well as the risk of currency ﬂuctuations. These risks are magniﬁed in countries with emerging
markets and frontier markets, since these countries may have relatively unstable governments and less established markets and economies.
Investing in currency involves additional special risks such as credit, interest rate ﬂuctuations, derivative investment risk, and domestic and
foreign inﬂation rates, which can be volatile and may be less liquid than other securities and more sensitive to the effect of varied economic
conditions. In addition, international investing entails greater risk, as well as greater potential rewards compared to U.S. investing. These risks
include political and economic uncertainties of foreign countries as well as the risk of currency ﬂuctuations. These risks are magniﬁed in
countries with emerging markets, since these countries may have relatively unstable governments and less established markets and economies.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risk. When interest rates rise, bond prices fall; generally the longer a bond's maturity, the more sensitive it is
to this risk. Bonds may also be subject to call risk, which is the risk that the issuer will redeem the debt at its option, fully or partially, before
the scheduled maturity date. The market value of debt instruments may ﬂuctuate, and proceeds from sales prior to maturity may be more or
less than the amount originally invested or the maturity value due to changes in market conditions or changes in the credit quality of the issuer.
Bonds are subject to the credit risk of the issuer. This is the risk that the issuer might be unable to make interest and/or principal payments on a
timely basis. Bonds are also subject to reinvestment risk, which is the risk that principal and/or interest payments from a given investment may
be reinvested at a lower interest rate.
Bonds rated below investment grade may have speculative characteristics and present signiﬁcant risks beyond those of other securities,
including greater credit risk and price volatility in the secondary market. Investors should be careful to consider these risks alongside their
individual circumstances, objectives and risk tolerance before investing in high-yield bonds. High yield bonds should comprise only a limited
portion of a balanced portfolio.
Interest on municipal bonds is generally exempt from federal income tax; however, some bonds may be subject to the alternative minimum tax
(AMT). Typically, state tax-exemption applies if securities are issued within one's state of residence and, if applicable, local tax-exemption applies
if securities are issued within one's city of residence.
Treasury Inﬂation Protection Securities’ (TIPS) coupon payments and underlying principal are automatically increased to compensate for
inﬂation by tracking the consumer price index (CPI). While the real rate of return is guaranteed, TIPS tend to offer a low return. Because the
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  25
return of TIPS is linked to inﬂation, TIPS may signiﬁcantly underperform versus conventional U.S. Treasuries in times of low inﬂation.
Ultrashort-term ﬁxed income asset class is comprised of ﬁxed income securities with high quality, very short maturities. They are therefore
subject to the risks associated with debt securities such as credit and interest rate risk.
Although they are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government as to timely payment of principal and interest, Treasury Bills are
subject to interest rate and inﬂation risk, as well as the opportunity risk of other more potentially lucrative investment opportunities.
Principal is returned on a monthly basis over the life of a mortgage-backed security. Principal prepayment can signiﬁcantly affect the monthly
income stream and the maturity of any type of MBS, including standard MBS, CMOs and Lottery Bonds. Yields and average lives are estimated
based on prepayment assumptions and are subject to change based on actual prepayment of the mortgages in the underlying pools.  The level
of predictability of an MBS/CMO’s average life, and its market price, depends on the type of MBS/CMO class purchased and interest rate
movements.  In general, as interest rates fall, prepayment speeds are likely to increase, thus shortening the MBS/CMO’s average life and likely
causing its market price to rise.  Conversely, as interest rates rise, prepayment speeds are likely to decrease, thus lengthening average life and
likely causing the MBS/CMO’s market price to fall. Some MBS/CMOs may have “original issue discount” (OID). OID occurs if the MBS/CMO’s
original issue price is below its stated redemption price at maturity, and results in “imputed interest” that must be reported annually for tax
purposes, resulting in a tax liability even though interest was not received.  Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors for more
information. 
Yields are subject to change with economic conditions. Yield is only one factor that should be considered when making an investment decision. 
Credit ratings are subject to change.
Duration, the most commonly used measure of bond risk, quantiﬁes the effect of changes in interest rates on the price of a bond or bond
portfolio. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the bond or portfolio would be to changes in interest rates. Generally, if interest rates
rise, bond prices fall and vice versa. Longer-term bonds carry a longer or higher duration than shorter-term bonds; as such, they would be
affected by changing interest rates for a greater period of time if interest rates were to increase. Consequently, the price of a long-term bond
would drop signiﬁcantly as compared to the price of a short-term bond.
The majority of $25 and $1000 par preferred securities are “callable” meaning that the issuer may retire the securities at speciﬁc prices and
dates prior to maturity. Interest/dividend payments on certain preferred issues may be deferred by the issuer for periods of up to 5 to 10 years,
depending on the particular issue. The investor would still have income tax liability even though payments would not have been received. Price
quoted is per $25 or $1,000 share, unless otherwise speciﬁed. Current yield is calculated by multiplying the coupon by par value divided by the
market price.
Some $25 or $1000 par preferred securities are QDI (Qualiﬁed Dividend Income) eligible. Information on QDI eligibility is obtained from third
party sources. The dividend income on QDI eligible preferreds qualiﬁes for a reduced tax rate. Many traditional ‘dividend paying’ perpetual
preferred securities (traditional preferreds with no maturity date) are QDI eligible.  In order to qualify for the preferential tax treatment all
qualifying preferred securities must be held by investors for a minimum period – 91 days during a 180 day window period, beginning 90 days
before the ex-dividend date.
The initial interest rate on a ﬂoating-rate security may be lower than that of a ﬁxed-rate security of the same maturity because investors expect
to receive additional income due to future increases in the ﬂoating security’s underlying reference rate. The reference rate could be an index or
an interest rate. However, there can be no assurance that the reference rate will increase. Some ﬂoating-rate securities may be subject to call
risk.
The market value of convertible bonds and the underlying common stock(s) will ﬂuctuate and after purchase may be worth more or less than
original cost.  If sold prior to maturity, investors may receive more or less than their original purchase price or maturity value, depending on
market conditions. Callable bonds may be redeemed by the issuer prior to maturity. Additional call features may exist that could affect yield.
Investing in commodities entails signiﬁcant risks. Commodity prices may be affected by a variety of factors at any time, including but not limited
to, (i) changes in supply and demand relationships, (ii) governmental programs and policies, (iii) national and international political and economic
events, war and terrorist events, (iv) changes in interest and exchange rates, (v) trading activities in commodities and related contracts, (vi)
pestilence, technological change and weather, and (vii) the price volatility of a commodity. In addition, the commodities markets are subject to
temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, including lack of liquidity, participation of speculators and government
intervention.
Physical precious metals are non-regulated products. Precious metals are speculative investments, which may experience short-term and long-
term price volatility. The value of precious metals investments may ﬂuctuate and may appreciate or decline, depending on market conditions. If
sold in a declining market, the price you receive may be less than your original investment. Unlike bonds and stocks, precious metals do not
make interest or dividend payments. Therefore, precious metals may not be appropriate for investors who require current income. Precious
metals are commodities that should be safely stored, which may impose additional costs on the investor. The Securities Investor Protection
Corporation (“SIPC”) provides certain protection for customers’ cash and securities in the event of a brokerage ﬁrm’s bankruptcy, other ﬁnancial
difﬁculties, or if customers’ assets are missing. SIPC insurance does not apply to precious metals or other commodities.
REITs investing risks are similar to those associated with direct investments in real estate: property value ﬂuctuations, lack of liquidity, limited
diversiﬁcation and sensitivity to economic factors such as interest rate changes and market recessions.
CDs are insured by the FDIC, an independent agency of the U.S. Government, up to a maximum of $250,000 (including principal and accrued
interest) for all deposits held in the same insurable capacity (e.g. individual account, joint account, IRA etc.) per CD depository. Investors are
responsible for monitoring the total amount held with each CD depository. All deposits at a single depository held in the same insurable
capacity will be aggregated for the purposes of the applicable FDIC insurance limit, including deposits (such as bank accounts) maintained
directly with the depository and CDs of the depository. For more information visit the FDIC website at www.fdic.gov.
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  26
Equity securities may ﬂuctuate in response to news on companies, industries, market conditions and general economic environment.
Derivative instruments. Options, futures contracts, options on futures contracts, forward contracts, swaps and structured products are
examples of derivative instruments. Risks of derivative instruments include imperfect correlation between the value of the instruments and the
underlying assets; risks of default by the other party to certain transactions; risks that the transactions may result in losses that partially or
completely offset gains in portfolio positions; and risks that the transactions may not be liquid. Please see the fund’s prospectus for additional
information.
Investing in smaller companies involves greater risks not associated with investing in more established companies, such as business risk,
signiﬁcant stock price ﬂuctuations and illiquidity.
Stocks of medium-sized companies entail special risks, such as limited product lines, markets, and ﬁnancial resources, and greater market
volatility than securities of larger, more-established companies.
Companies paying dividends can reduce or cut payouts at any time.
Value investing does not guarantee a proﬁt or eliminate risk. Not all companies whose stocks are considered to be value stocks are able to turn
their business around or successfully employ corrective strategies which would result in stock prices that do not rise as initially expected.
Growth investing does not guarantee a proﬁt or eliminate risk. The stocks of these companies can have relatively high valuations. Because of
these high valuations, an investment in a growth stock can be more risky than an investment in a company with more modest growth
expectations.
Asset allocation and diversiﬁcation do not assure a proﬁt or protect against loss in declining ﬁnancial markets.
Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and
companies. Technology stocks may be especially volatile. Risks applicable to companies in the energy and natural resources sectors include
commodity pricing risk, supply and demand risk, depletion risk and exploration risk. Health care sector stocks are subject to government
regulation, as well as government approval of products and services, which can signiﬁcantly impact price and availability, and which can also be
signiﬁcantly affected by rapid obsolescence and patent expirations.
Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) is subject to limitations, and you should be aware that any output from an IA-supported tool or service made available
by the Firm for your use is subject to such limitations, including but not limited to inaccuracy, incompleteness, or embedded bias.  You should
always verify the results of any AI-generated output.
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) investments in a portfolio may experience performance that is lower or higher than a portfolio
not employing such practices.  Portfolios with ESG restrictions and strategies as well as ESG investments may not be able to take advantage of
the same opportunities or market trends as portfolios where ESG criteria is not applied. There are inconsistent ESG deﬁnitions and criteria
within the industry, as well as multiple ESG ratings providers that provide ESG ratings of the same subject companies and/or securities that
vary among the providers.  Certain issuers of investments may have differing and inconsistent views concerning ESG criteria where the ESG
claims made in offering documents or other literature may overstate ESG impact. ESG designations are as of the date of this material, and no
assurance is provided that the underlying assets have maintained or will maintain and such designation or any stated ESG compliance. As a
result, it is difﬁcult to compare ESG investment products or to evaluate an ESG investment product in comparison to one that does not focus
on ESG. Investors should also independently consider whether the ESG investment product meets their own ESG objectives or criteria. There is
no assurance that an ESG investing strategy or techniques employed will be successful. Past performance is not a guarantee or a dependable
measure of future results.
Rebalancing does not protect against a loss in declining ﬁnancial markets. There may be a potential tax implication with a rebalancing strategy.
Investors should consult with their tax advisor before implementing such a strategy.
Annuities are long term tax-deferred retirement savings vehicles.   Annuities are generally subject to surrender charges.  A surrender charge is a
penalty you have to pay if you sell or withdraw money from an annuity before it matures. The time before an annuity’s maturity is called the
surrender period and usually lasts for several years after purchase. Surrender charges reduce the value of your annuity and its returns. Early
withdrawals will reduce the death beneﬁt and cash surrender value.
Under current law, a nonqualiﬁed annuity that is owned by an individual is generally entitled to tax deferral. IRAs and qualiﬁed plans—such as
401(k)s and 403(b)s—are already tax-deferred. Therefore, a deferred annuity should be used only to fund an IRA or qualiﬁed plan to beneﬁt
from the annuity’s features other than tax deferral. These include lifetime income and death beneﬁt options.
The indices are unmanaged. An investor cannot invest directly in an index. They are shown for illustrative purposes only and do not represent
the performance of any speciﬁc investment. The indices are not subject to expenses or fees and are often comprised of securities and other
investment instruments the liquidity of which is not restricted. A particular investment product may consist of securities signiﬁcantly different
than those in any index referred to herein. Comparing an investment to a particular index may be of limited use.
The indices selected by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management to measure performance are representative of broad asset classes. Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney LLC retains the right to change representative indices at any time.
Hyperlinks
This material may provide the addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, websites. Except to the extent to which the material refers to website
material of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, the ﬁrm has not reviewed the linked site. Equally, except to the extent to which the material
refers to website material of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, the ﬁrm takes no responsibility for, and makes no representations or
warranties whatsoever as to, the data and information contained therein. Such address or hyperlink (including addresses or hyperlinks to
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  27
website material of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) is provided solely for your convenience and information and the content of the
linked site does not in any way form part of this document. Accessing such website or following such link through the material or the website
of the ﬁrm shall be at your own risk and we shall have no liability arising out of, or in connection with, any such referenced website.
By providing links to third-party websites or online publication(s) or article(s), Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“Morgan Stanley”) is not
implying an afﬁliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, veriﬁcation with the third parties or that any monitoring is being done
by Morgan Stanley of any information contained within the articles or websites. Morgan Stanley is not responsible for the information
contained on the third-party websites or your use of or inability to use such site. Nor do we guarantee their accuracy and completeness. The
terms, conditions, and privacy policy of any third-party website may be different from those applicable to your use of any Morgan Stanley
website. The information and data provided by the third-party websites or publications are as of the date when they were written and subject
to change without notice
Disclosures
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is the trade name of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a registered broker-dealer in the United States.
This material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any
security or other ﬁnancial instrument or to participate in any trading strategy.  Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future
performance. The author(s) (if any authors are noted) principally responsible for the preparation of this material receive compensation based
upon various factors, including quality and accuracy of their work, ﬁrm revenues (including trading and capital markets revenues), client
feedback and competitive factors.  Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is involved in many businesses that may relate to companies, securities
or instruments mentioned in this material.
This material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any
security/instrument, or to participate in any trading strategy. Any such offer would be made only after a prospective investor had completed its
own independent investigation of the securities, instruments or transactions, and received all information it required to make its own
investment decision, including, where applicable, a review of any offering circular or memorandum describing such security or instrument.  That
information would contain material information not contained herein and to which prospective participants are referred. This material is based
on public information as of the speciﬁed date, and may be stale thereafter.  We have no obligation to tell you when information herein may
change.  We make no representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of this material.  Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management has no obligation to provide updated information on the securities/instruments mentioned herein.
The summary at the beginning of the report may have been generated with the assistance of artiﬁcial intelligence (AI).
The securities/instruments discussed in this material may not be appropriate for all investors. The appropriateness of a particular investment or
strategy will depend on an investor’s individual circumstances and objectives.  Morgan Stanley Wealth Management recommends that investors
independently evaluate speciﬁc investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a ﬁnancial advisor. The value of and
income from investments may vary because of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates,
securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or ﬁnancial conditions of companies and other issuers or other factors. Estimates of
future performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. Actual events may differ from those assumed and changes to any
assumptions may have a material impact on any projections or estimates. Other events not taken into account may occur and may signiﬁcantly
affect the projections or estimates. Certain assumptions may have been made for modeling purposes only to simplify the presentation and/or
calculation of any projections or estimates, and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management does not represent that any such assumptions will reﬂect
actual future events. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that estimated returns or projections will be realized or that actual returns or
performance results will not materially differ from those estimated herein. This material should not be viewed as advice or recommendations
with respect to asset allocation or any particular investment. This information is not intended to, and should not, form a primary basis for any
investment decisions that you may make. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is not acting as a ﬁduciary under either the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or under section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended in providing this
material except as otherwise provided in writing by Morgan Stanley and/or as described at www.morganstanley.com/disclosures/dol.
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, its afﬁliates and Morgan Stanley Financial Advisors do not provide legal or tax advice.  Each client should
always consult his/her personal tax and/or legal advisor for information concerning his/her individual situation and to learn about any potential
tax or other implications that may result from acting on a particular recommendation.
This material is primarily authored by, and reﬂects the opinions of, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Member SIPC), as well as identiﬁed
guest authors. Articles contributed by employees of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (Member SIPC) or one of its afﬁliates are used under license
from Morgan Stanley. This material is disseminated in Australia to “retail clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian ﬁnancial services license No. 240813).
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is not incorporated under the People's Republic of China ("PRC") law and the material in relation to this
report is conducted outside the PRC. This report will be distributed only upon request of a speciﬁc recipient. This report does not constitute an
offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC investors must have the relevant qualiﬁcations to invest in such
securities and must be responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, veriﬁcations and or registrations from PRC's relevant
governmental authorities.
If your ﬁnancial adviser is based in Australia, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, then please be aware that this report is being distributed by
the Morgan Stanley entity where your ﬁnancial adviser is located, as follows: Australia: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd
(ABN 19 009 145 555, AFSL No. 240813); Switzerland: Morgan Stanley (Switzerland) AG regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority; or United Kingdom: Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management Ltd, authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority,
approves for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 this material for distribution in the United Kingdom.
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of
Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Municipal Advisor Rule”) and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be,
and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  28
This material is disseminated in the United States of America by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. Third-party data providers make no
warranties or representations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have
liability for any damages of any kind relating to such data.
This material, or any portion thereof, may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
LLC.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC.
RSI1788291492282 09/2026
ON THE MARKETS
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  29