INVESTMENT STRATEGY
Market prices lead fundamentals, anticipating both upward and
downward surprises. With equity indexes surging close to 20% over
roughly the past six weeks, investors clearly began the ﬁrst-quarter
reporting season hoping that “earnings resilience” would turn into
positive surprises and forward revisions. This was validated as proﬁts
easily beat consensus forecasts and 2026 and 2027 projections were
revised up a stunning 7.2% and 6.2%. While this has convinced many
that valuations are not stretched, and we acknowledge the power of
the AI-capex cycle, investors should heed dynamics suggesting
fragility of perceived earnings power. First, proﬁt revisions remain
concentrated in tech, energy and materials—with many beneﬁting
from likely short-lived pricing power. In fact, 10 companies accounted
for 70% of revisions growth. Second, surging inﬂation is not fully
reﬂected in projected margin headwinds for ﬁrms downstream from
rising input costs. Finally, markets have yet to fully price deteriorating
earnings quality. As US manufacturing recenters on tech, rising capital
intensity implies higher depreciation expenses and reduced earnings
transparency amid hyperscaler income circularity. We still see runway
for equities to grind over 10% higher to Morgan Stanley & Co.’s June
2027, 8,300 S&P 500 target, but quality earnings realization will
grow more important. Consider focusing on active equity strategies to
balance passive index exposure. Now is the time to evaluate where
true secular growth (the Mag-7?) may be on relative sale. We are
reducing positions in overbought semiconductor stocks on strength
and maintaining exposure to the diffusion of the AI build-out rather
than the most scarcity-priced epicenters, while emphasizing
diversiﬁcation across real assets and select cyclicals. Hedge funds,
gold, REITs, infrastructure and secondaries remain key allocations.
After March’s broad macro anxiety about an oil shock and the implications of higher
inﬂation for monetary easing, with equity indexes approaching 10%-correction
territory, the past six weeks have felt otherworldly. To wit, since its year-to-date
trough, the S&P 500 Index is up over 17%, recently closing at another all-time high
Surprise, Surprise, Surprise Lisa Shalett
Chief Investment Ofﬁcer
Head of the Global Investment Ofﬁce
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
Lisa.Shalett@morganstanley.com
Upcoming Catalysts
May 18
New York Fed Services Business Activity
NAHB/Wells Fargo Housing Market Index
May 19
US pending home sales
May 20
FOMC meeting minutes
May 21
US initial jobless claims
US continuing jobless claims
US housing starts
US building permits
S&P Global US Manufacturing PMI
S&P Global US Services PMI
S&P Global US Composite PMI
Global Investment Committee | May 18, 2026
The GIC Weekly
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is the trade name of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a registered broker-dealer in the United States. Thismaterial has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell anysecurity or other ﬁnancial instrument or to participate in any trading strategy. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material.
near the 7,500 milestone. Making this all the more impressive
is that the move initially appeared to be catalyzed by
potential reopening of the Strait of Hormuz—an event that
has yet to happen and a fact that has continued to be
discounted by bond markets. While stocks have taken ﬂight,
bond yields are up 40 to 50 basis points across the curve,
futures-implied prospects of any Federal Reserve rate cuts for
the rest of the year have been reduced to zero and inﬂation
readings have moved up through 3.5%. Underpinning the
surge in equity markets are surprise about the “resilience” of
ﬁrst quarter earnings and the positive translation into
earnings forecasts. In fact, MS & Co.’s US equity strategy team
estimates that the ﬁrst quarter earnings surprise for the
median stock in the S&P 500 was 6%, the highest in four
years. This, combined with enthusiasm around the
accelerating artiﬁcial intelligence (AI)-capex narrative, has
prompted positive revisions to full-year 2026 and 2027 proﬁt
estimates. MS &Co.’s 2026 S&P 500 earnings growth forecast
has risen from 13% to 23% ($339 per share), and for 2027 and
2028, it has been revised to $380 and $429, respectively.
This two-year growth rate is more than double the average of
the past 80 years, representing a clear productivity-boom
forecast. It is certainly possible that these estimates are
validated and the drivers of upside surprise prove durable.
But what if investors are putting too much faith in elements
of recent earnings reports that are not about sustainable
productivity miracles, but are rather one-time “bugs” of the
boom, ultimately showing themselves to be fragile?
First take the illusion of earnings revisions breadth. Yes, ﬁrst-
quarter earnings beat rates were above average, with more
than 80% of companies achieving expectations. Actual
positive revisions for full-year 2026–2027, however, were
restricted to the tech, communications services, energy and
materials sectors. Even within these sectors, much of the
aggregate surprise came from a handful of companies.
Analysis by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management’s Global
Investment Ofﬁce (GIO) suggests that 10 companies drove
nearly 70% of the aggregate upside surprise to ﬁrst-quarter
S&P 500 composite earnings, with a top semiconductor
maker alone accounting for 24%. We agree that within tech,
the AI boom is broadening to include the entire infrastructure
stack—from networking and switching to security—but that
is not market broadening.
Our skepticism about the credibility of earnings breadth is
further conﬁrmed by market action. Performance and price
gains have been narrowing over the past two weeks, and
while the benchmark index is making all-time highs, only 46%
of issues were recently above their 50-day moving average.
Similarly, a staggering 30% of the index is down more than
10% for the year to date. Equally perplexing, earnings
forecasts have not followed price action downward among
software names. There is broad consensus that the industry is
earning peak margins, and yet we have seen minimal cuts to
proﬁt outlooks.
A second area of caution pertains to investors potentially
conﬂating operating margin gains from productivity
improvements with pure ﬂow-through from more temporal
pricing power. Some of the pricing extremes are obviously
from supply constraints—ﬁrst from those in the energy
complex, where global oil prices are up more than 75% for
the year to date, and in the semiconductor industry, where
supply shortages and choke points have emerged in memory,
power, applications and storage.
Beyond the soft survey data from the Institute for Supply
Management’s manufacturing PMI, which has featured higher
prices paid, recent hard inﬂation data has exhibited positive
price pressure well beyond energy. Notably, core CPI rose
from 2.6% to 2.8% on an annual basis in April and was up
0.4% for the month, with gains across the super-core and
services categories. Producer Price Index (PPI) readings have
been even more provocative, approaching 6% annualized
versus an expected 4.8%. As illustrated in Chart of the Week,
S&P 500 sales growth has correlated strongly with PPI,
reﬂecting the clear role that pricing power is playing in
driving better-than-forecast results. This dynamic played out
in 2022, only to disappoint when disinﬂation began.
In addition to the potential to overlook the positive role of
inﬂation in current earnings numbers, there is the likelihood
that for downstream industries, cost-input inﬂation, which
has yet to hit, is so far not included in earnings forecasts. One
concern is that long-dated West Texas Intermediate (WTI)
crude oil price estimates have continued to grind higher and
are up another 15% since the April 1 “non-opening of the
Strait ceaseﬁre.” While strategic petroleum reserves and “oil
on the water” have partially cushioned prices, supply chain
pressures may intensify in the summer if there is no
resolution by June 1. Consider here the vulnerability of
consumer-facing businesses. US consumers are indisputably in
a fragile and increasingly weaker position. Not only did April
Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate that real hourly
wages are shrinking for the ﬁrst time in four years, but US
spending is holding up only through tax refunds and declining
household savings rates. Ex government transfers, can
corporate earnings grow at a 20% clip through productivity
gains when employee wage gains are negative? At some
point, we see demand destruction in this equation, like April’s
negative real retail sales, which also has implications for
earnings.
A ﬁnal, and perhaps the most important, reason for care
regarding ebullient earnings forecasts is the behavior of the
AI-linked companies themselves. We have recently contended
that investors are only in the early innings of understanding
how AI’s business-model economics differ from those of past
technological revolutions, notably regarding the internet and
mobility. Those economic models seemed to depend on
networking scale, exclusive content and walled
gardens/competitive moats, with incredibly high incremental
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  2
margins on asset-light foundations. This time is different, and
we are just beginning to understand the resource and capital
intensity, not to mention the ultimate potential cyclicality of
the monetization model. Beyond those concerns is the
increasing complexity of the AI ecosystem’s circularity. That
dynamic is dangerously self-reinforcing and obscuring all at
once. Consider that in the ﬁrst quarter, nearly $60 billion in
quarterly earnings for two of the hyperscalers came from
“other income,” or positive asset valuation on the marks for
their investments in a large language model (LLM) maker.
This LLM vendor is in turn a major customer that places
orders with the hyperscalers with each new capital injection.
This then creates the potential for a “new mark” and
additional “other income.”
Bottom Line. US equities have impressively navigated threats
to the 2026 bull market thesis, as optimism has anchored on
earnings surprises extrapolated into ebullient two-year
forecasts. Since January, the expected growth rate of 2026
earnings has increased more than 50%, while 2027 and
2028 consensus forecasts have growth running at more than
twice the 80-year average. We acknowledge exciting pockets
of AI-linked transformation and see roughly another 10%
upside for the S&P 500 through June 2027 but worry about
exuberance premised on misplaced faith in the durability of
earnings trends. We believe revisions breadth is being
ﬂattered by temporal factors among a concentrated set of
companies, as cap-weighted indexes obscure bifurcation
between a narrowing group of AI-ecosystem winners and
downstream companies apt to face input-cost headwinds.
Finally, conﬂation of low-quality “other income” with
permanent gains in earnings power is problematic. This tech
revolution is awe-inspiring in many ways, but as it
transforms the way we think about workﬂows, investors
should also consider how the new business models are
changing how we think about earnings durability. Watch
earnings quality and revisions breadth and magnitude.
Consider focusing on active equity strategies to balance
passive index exposure. Now is the time to evaluate where
true secular growth (the Mag-7?) may be on relative sale.
We are reducing positions in overbought semiconductor
stocks on strength and maintaining exposure to the diffusion
of the AI build-out rather than the most scarcity-priced
epicenters, while emphasizing diversiﬁcation across real
assets and select cyclicals. Hedge funds, gold, REITs,
infrastructure and secondaries remain key allocations.
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  3
Source: Bloomberg as of May 13, 2026
Source: Bloomberg as of May 13, 2026
Chart of the Week: The Power of Pricing
Investors, thrilled with the so-called resilience of S&P
500 Index earnings and the upside surprises driving
forecast revisions, have conjured great notions of
operating leverage and productivity gains. Although there
is no doubt that the potential for artiﬁcial intelligence (AI)
to transform corporate cost structures is inspiring, at the
moment, we fear that what’s really driving upside is
pricing power. Supply chain shortages and choke points
are pushing PPI higher—to 6% annualized in the most
recent reading, nearly equal to the magnitude of the ﬁrst
quarter’s earnings “surprise.” As in 2022, these gains
might prove less durable than meets the eye.
Fixed Income Insight: “Higher for Longer” Getting Priced
One of the most durable features of the post-Great
Financial Crisis/Federal Reserve Financial Repression era
of 2008–2020 has been historically low real rates, as
exhibited by US Treasury Inﬂation-Protected Securities
(TIPS) yields. The slow reset to positive real rates that
began in 2022 saw the 10- and 30-year yields reprice in
tandem until late May 2025. At that point, while the 30-
year yield anchored near 2.6%, the benchmark 10-year
yield began to ease, reﬂecting conviction that AI would
unleash structural disinﬂation, overwhelming the
constraints of high debt and deﬁcits in the coming decade.
But after troughing last October, the 10-year yield has
ground higher as turbulent geopolitics and emerging
resource scarcity are priced—a headwind for stock multiples.
Market Factor Data Points (for the week ending May 15, 2026)
Color coding shows how actual data compares with consensus estimates. Green implies better than expected, red implies worse than expected. Trend shows the
one-period change between actual and prior reports. Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  4
Monthly Core CPI Grew by Most Since January 2025
Source: Bloomberg as of April 30, 2026
Producer Services Inﬂation Has Picked up Notably
Source: Bloomberg as of April 30, 2026
Macro Factor Heat Map (as of May 15, 2026)
Note: Text in a factor box denotes a color; In Europe, Inﬂation and Deﬂation fell from Neutral to Risk On due to increasing consumer prices. Moreover, Earnings
fell from Risk On to Neutral due to decreasing earnings estimate revisions; In China, Liquidity fell from Neutral to Risk Off due to decreasing credit growth.
Moreover, Earnings climbed from Risk Off to Neutral due to increasing earnings estimate revisions; In Japan, Rates climbed from Neutral to Risk On due to an
increasing 10-year yield. Moreover, Earnings climbed from Risk On to Neutral due to increasing earnings estimate revisions; for further explanation of the chart,
see page 11. 
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC
Charts in Focus: Inﬂationary Pressures Beyond Energy
Major Categories Are Contributing to Inﬂation
Note: CPI was not released in October 2025 due to the US government
shutdown. Source: Bloomberg as of April 30, 2026
Shelter Prices Reaccelerated in April
Source: Bloomberg as of April 30, 2026
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  5
Short-Term Stock-Bond Indicator
Note: The shading reﬂects the strength of the signal for each component on a percentile basis. The continuous color scale ranges from dark blue to dark gray,
where blue indicates an Overweight signal, white indicates a Neutral signal, and dark gray indicates an Underweight signal. Signals are classiﬁed as Underweight
for percentile readings between 0%–25%, Neutral between 25%–60%, and Overweight between 60%–100%. For additional information on the Stock-Bond
Indicator methodology, please refer to the primer, Stock-Bond Indicator: Rebuilding a Transparent, Adaptive Signal for Tactical Allocation. 
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC, Morgan Stanley & Co., Haver Analytics, Bloomberg, FactSet as of May 15, 2026
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  6
Asset Class Performance (as of May 15, 2026)
Note: Performance values calculated using USD. 1. As of April 30, 2026. 2. Forward P/E using Next 12-month earnings 3. 20-year average as of April 30, 2026. 4.
Volatility and Correlation: June 30, 2006 – Present. 5. Volatility and Correlation: Jan. 31, 1998 – Present Hedged strategies consist of hedge funds and managed
futures 6. Volatility and Correlation: Feb. 28, 1998 – Present. Standard deviation (volatility) is a measure of the dispersion of a set of data from its mean. 
Source: FactSet, Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  7
S&P 500 Earnings Estimates
Note: Consensus 2028 earnings as of May 13, 2026. 
Source: FactSet, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research as of May 15, 2026
MS & Co. S&P 500 Price Target: Midyear 2027
Source: FactSet, Morgan Stanley & Co. Research as of May 15, 2026
S&P 500 Sector Performance and Valuation (as of May 15, 2026)
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research
Equity Market Relative Valuation (as of May 15, 2026)
Note: Dark blue, light blue and gray ﬁll denotes whether the group is relatively attractive, neutral or unattractive to other groups under the same metric. 
Source: Bloomberg
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  8
Government Debt Monitor & Fixed Income Spread Dashboard
Unless stated, indexes utilized are FTSE Broad Investment Grade, FTSE High Yield, and FTSE Global Indexes †Interest Rate Volatility measured by Merrill Lynch
Option Volatility Estimate (MOVE) Index *MBS distills high grade agency-rated mortgage-backed securities, a substantial subsector of investment grade indexes.
**OAS stands for Option-Adjusted Spread or spread over the Treasury. Grey diamond denotes current OAS; blue circle denotes two-year average. 
Source: Bloomberg as of May 15, 2026
Government Debt Monitor & Benchmark Returns
*Global total returns reﬂect Citigroup 7- to 10-year bond indexes and Muni total returns reﬂect Bloomberg Municipal Bond Index Total Return 
Source: Bloomberg as of May 15, 2026
Morgan Stanley & Co. Forecasts (as of May 15, 2026)
Source: Morgan Stanley & Co. Research
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  9
Tactical Asset Allocation Reasoning
Global Equities Weight Relative
to Model Benchmark  
US Overweight
The disinﬂation boom thesis catalyzed by the GenAI capex buildout, along with aggressive
monetary, ﬁscal and regulatory stimulus, is now very much consensus. Forecasts are ambitious
and embed an expectation for cyclical broadening that takes S&P "493" earnings growth from 6%–
8% in 2025 to 14%–16% in 2026. In a market that is already expensive, concentrated and
complacent, this suggests the aperture for upside surprise is narrow, and markets are apt to be
quite brittle in the face of exogenous shock. With midterm-election-related policy already hitting a
fever pitch, potential for these undiscounted events to occur is going up. Thus, while we are
bullish (with an S&P 500 Index target at 7,500 to 7,800), we prefer stock picking to simply
owning the cap-weighted index. Favor ﬁnancials, health care and select industrials and energy.
International Equities
(Developed Markets) Underweight
Recent outperformance has been catalyzed as responses to the “America First” agenda have
driven ﬁscal stimulus and China's record export push has been cooling rest-of-world (ROW)
inﬂation. This is creating ROW opportunities that may simultaneously enjoy monetary, ﬁscal and
currency-related stimulus. The outlook is improving in Japan as corporate restructuring occurs
alongside a reﬂationary surge three decades in the making.
Emerging Markets Overweight
The US-China trade conﬂict, now in a one-year truce, has created opportunities. China exports are
booming and delivering helpful goods deﬂation to the ROW, where central banks are responding
with rate cuts. Surging industrial commodity prices alongside falling energy prices are a perfect
brew for emerging markets, especially as forces continue to bias the US dollar weaker, helping
dollar-denominated debt servicing. The "new Monroe Doctrine" creates additional opportunities
not only for pro-business political stability in Latin America but for direct investment. For Asia,
strategic realignment opportunities continue to surface as the US turns away. India remains a
recommended secular growth long.
Global Fixed Income Weight Relative
to Model Benchmark  
US Investment Grade Underweight
The Fed easing cycle, including some assumptions around the loss of Fed independence in 2026,
has been baked into the US Treasury yield curve, with another two 25-basis-point rate cuts
discounted. Stealth QE in the form of reserve management purchases of T-bills by the Fed and
MBS QE by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are easing ﬁnancial conditions materially, putting
pressure on the long end of the curve as inﬂationary pressures build. A ﬁnal note of caution is our
forecast for a surge in IG corporate issuance, which we see on the back of increasing capex and
rising M&A deal activity. As a result, we are continuing to reduce short-duration exposure and
moving toward the “belly of the curve” to capture decent coupons with lower price volatility. We
see the long end continuing to be plagued by structural imbalances that show up as widening
term premiums, with the two-year/30-year portion of the curve remaining in a steepening pattern.
Opportunistic Fixed Income Market-Weight
High Yield is competing effectively with better liquidity, transparency and credit quality than
private credit. In ROW and emerging market debt, yields are decent, central banks have begun to
cut rates and there is room for spread tightening as economic growth improves. Currency impact
is a tailwind for US dollar investors.
Alternative Investments Weight Relative
to Model Benchmark  
Real Assets Overweight
We expect higher stock-bond correlations, which place a premium on the diversiﬁcation beneﬁts
of investing in real assets. Nevertheless, with real interest rates positive and services inﬂation
remaining quite sticky, we would need to be selective in adding to this asset class broadly. We are
focused on industrial metals, energy infrastructure and interesting opportunities aimed at solving
the residential housing shortage. 
Hedged Strategies Overweight
We recently added to equity hedged positions, noting the pickup in idiosyncratic risk, falling
borrowing costs and rising stock level dispersion. The current environment appears constructive
for hedge fund managers, who are frequently good stock pickers and can use leverage and risk
management to potentially amplify returns. We prefer very active and fundamental strategies,
especially high-quality, low-beta, low-volatility and absolute return/market neutral hedge funds.
Note: Opportunistic Fixed Income includes Inﬂation-Linked Securities, High Yield Fixed Income, International Fixed Income and Emerging Market Fixed Income. The
GIC asset allocation models’ benchmarks do not include exposure to Opportunistic Fixed Income. Real Assets includes Real Estate/REITs, Commodities and Energy
Infrastructure/MLPs. Hedged Strategies include Absolute Return Assets, Equity Hedge Assets and Equity Return Assets. 
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GlC as of May 15, 2026
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  10
Macro Factor Heat Map Key
  Economic
Growth Rates Inﬂation /
Deﬂation Liquidity Sentiment and Risk Valuation Earnings Conclusion
Dark Blue Economic growthrobust Steep yield curve Low-moderate andrising inﬂation
Liquidityrobust ineconomy /bankingsystem
Shorter-termsentiment andtechnicals bearish
Risk assetsattractivelyvalued
Earningsoutlookrobust
Conﬂuence offactorssupports a risk-on investmentapproach
Light Blue Economic growthneutral Normal yieldcurve
Low-moderate anddeclining inﬂation;moderate inﬂation;higher and fallinginﬂation
Liquidityneutral in theeconomy /bankingsystem
Shorter-termsentiment andtechnicals neutral
Risk assetsneutral
Earningsoutlookneutral
Conﬂuence offactorssupports aneutralinvestmentapproach
Gray Economic growthanemic Flat/invertedyield curve
Very high/lowinﬂation/deﬂation; highand rising inﬂation
Liquidity lowin economy /bankingsystem
Shorter-termsentiment andtechnicals bullish
Risk assets are richly valued
Earningsoutlookanemic
Conﬂuence offactorssupports a risk-off investmentapproach
Up Growthaccelerating Yield curvesteepening Inﬂation rising Liquidityincreasing
Sentimentbecoming morebullish Valuations rising Earningsoutlookimproving  
Down Growth declining Yield curveﬂattening Inﬂation falling Liquiditydecreasing
Sentimentbecoming morebearish
Valuationsfalling
Earningsoutlookworsening  
SignalHorizon One to three years One to threeyears One to three years One to threeyears One to threemonths Six months totwo years Six months totwo years  
Inputs
• Industrialproduction
• Unemployment
• Total return
• Earnings revisions
• Home prices
• OECD LEI (Chinaand Brazil)
• MS & Co. ARIA(US)
• 10-year vs. 2-year governmentbond yieldspread
• Consumer Price Index
• M1 growth
• Privatecredit growth
• Libor-OISspread
 
 
 
 
• MS US EquityRisk Indicator (US)
• MS CombinedMarket TimingIndicator (Europe)
• MS Global RiskDemand Index
• Relative strengthindex
• Members above /below movingaverage.
• Index above /below movingaverage
• Consumerconﬁdence
• Forwardprice/earningsratio
• Price/bookratio
• Equity riskpremium
• High yieldoption-adjustedspread
 
 
 
• Earningsrevisionsbreadth
• Earningssurprise
• Return onequity
 
 
 
 
• Weightedaverage z-score of allfactors
Source: Morgan Stanley Wealth Management GIC
THE GIC WEEKLY
Please refer to important information, disclosures and qualiﬁcations at the end of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  11
Disclosure Section
The Global Investment Committee (GIC) is a group of seasoned investment professionals from Morgan Stanley & Co. and Morgan StanleyWealth Management who meet regularly to discuss the global economy and markets. The committee determines the investment outlook thatguides our advice to clients. They continually monitor developing economic and market conditions, review tactical outlooks and recommendasset allocation model weightings, as well as produce a suite of strategy, analysis, commentary, portfolio positioning suggestions and otherreports and broadcasts.
Glossary
Drawdown refers to the largest cumulative percentage decline in net asset value or the percentage decline from the highest value or net assetvalue (peak) to the lowest value net asset value (trough) after the peak.
Earnings revisions breadth is deﬁned as the number of positive analyst revisions minus the number of negative analyst revisions divided by thetotal number of revisions.
Equity risk premium is the excess return that an individual stock or the overall stock market provides over a risk-free rate. The risk-free raterepresents the interest an investor would expect from an absolutely risk-free investment over a speciﬁed period of time.
Illiquidity premium is the extra yield investors expect to earn for giving up control to liquidate their capital for a certain period of time.
M2 is a measure of the money supply that includes all elements of M1 as well as "near money." M1 includes cash and checking deposits, whilenear money refers to savings deposits, money market securities, mutual funds and other time deposits.
Option-adjusted spread (OAS) is a measurement of the spread of a ﬁxed income security rate and the risk-free rate of return, which is adjustedto take into account an embedded option.
Price to forward earnings calculates the price-to-earnings ratio that uses projected future earnings.
Risk premium is the return in excess of the risk-free rate of return an investment is expected to yield.
Term premium is the excess yield that investors require to commit to holding a long-term bond instead of a series of shorter-term bonds.
Volatility This is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by usingthe standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. Commonly, the higher the volatility, the riskier thesecurity.
For index, indicator and survey deﬁnitions referenced in this report please visit the following: https://www.morganstanley.com/wealth-investmentsolutions/wmir-deﬁnitions
Risk Considerations
Important note regarding economic sanctions. This report references jurisdiction(s) or person(s) that are the subject of economic sanctions. Anyreferences in this report to jurisdictions, persons (individuals or entities), debt or equity instruments, or projects that may be covered by suchsanctions are strictly incidental to general coverage of the relevant economic sector as germane to its overall ﬁnancial outlook, and should notbe read as recommending or advising as to any investment activities in relation to such jurisdictions, persons, instruments, or projects. Readersare solely responsible for ensuring that their investment activities are carried out in compliance with applicable laws.
Equity securities may ﬂuctuate in response to news on companies, industries, market conditions and general economic environment.
MLPs
Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) are limited partnerships or limited liability companies that are taxed as partnerships and whose interests(limited partnership units or limited liability company units) are traded on securities exchanges like shares of common stock. Currently, mostMLPs operate in the energy, natural resources or real estate sectors. Investments in MLP interests are subject to the risks generally applicableto companies in the energy and natural resources sectors, including commodity pricing risk, supply and demand risk, depletion risk andexploration risk. Individual MLPs are publicly traded partnerships that have unique risks related to their structure. These include, but are notlimited to, their reliance on the capital markets to fund growth, adverse ruling on the current tax treatment of distributions (typically mostlytax deferred), and commodity volume risk. The potential tax beneﬁts from investing in MLPs depend on their being treated as partnerships forfederal income tax purposes and, if the MLP is deemed to be a corporation, then its income would be subject to federal taxation at the entitylevel, reducing the amount of cash available for distribution to the fund which could result in a reduction of the fund’s value.
MLPs carry interest rate risk and may underperform in a rising interest rate environment. MLP funds accrue deferred income taxes for future taxliabilities associated with the portion of MLP distributions considered to be a tax-deferred return of capital and for any net operating gains aswell as capital appreciation of its investments; this deferred tax liability is reﬂected in the daily NAV; and, as a result, the MLP fund’s after-taxperformance could differ signiﬁcantly from the underlying assets even if the pre-tax performance is closely tracked.
Investing in foreign markets entails greater risks than those normally associated with domestic markets, such as political, currency, economicand market risks. Investing in currency involves additional special risks such as credit, interest rate ﬂuctuations, derivative investment risk, anddomestic and foreign inﬂation rates, which can be volatile and may be less liquid than other securities and more sensitive to the effect of variedeconomic conditions. In addition, international investing entails greater risk, as well as greater potential rewards compared to U.S. investing.These risks include political and economic uncertainties of foreign countries as well as the risk of currency ﬂuctuations. These risks aremagniﬁed in countries with emerging markets and frontier markets, since these countries may have relatively unstable governments and less
THE GIC WEEKLY
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  12
established markets and economies.
Alternative investments may be either traditional alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, fund of hedge funds, private equity,private real estate and managed futures or, non-traditional products such as mutual funds and exchange-traded funds that also seek alternative-like exposure but have signiﬁcant differences from traditional alternative investments. Alternative investments often are speculative and includea high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. Alternative investments are appropriate only foreligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indeﬁnite period of time. They may be highly illiquidand can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typicallyhave higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. Certain of theserisks may include but are not limited to: Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or otherspeculative practices; Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; Volatility of returns; Restrictions on transferringinterests in a fund; Potential lack of diversiﬁcation and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor isutilized; Absence of information regarding valuations and pricing; Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; Less regulation and higherfees than mutual funds; and Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager. Further, opinions regardingAlternative Investments expressed herein may differ from the opinions expressed by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management and/or otherbusinesses/afﬁliates of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management.
Certain information contained herein may constitute forward-looking statements. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, resultsor the performance of a fund may differ materially from those reﬂected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Clients shouldcarefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of a fund before investing. Alternative investments involve complextax structures, tax inefﬁcient investing, and delays in distributing important tax information. Individual funds have speciﬁc risks related to theirinvestment programs that will vary from fund to fund. Clients should consult their own tax and legal advisors as Morgan Stanley WealthManagement does not provide tax or legal advice. Interests in alternative investment products are offered pursuant to the terms of theapplicable offering memorandum, are distributed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and certain of its afﬁliates, and (1) are not FDIC-insured,(2) are not deposits or other obligations of Morgan Stanley or any of its afﬁliates, (3) are not guaranteed by Morgan Stanley and its afﬁliates,and (4) involve investment risks, including possible loss of principal. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is a registered broker-dealer, not a bank
It is important to note that only eligible investors can invest in alternative investment funds and that in order for an FA/PWA to engage aprospective investor in general discussions about Alternative Investments and speciﬁcally with regards to Private Funds, the prospectiveinvestor will need to be pre-qualiﬁed through the Reg D system. 
Alternative investment securities discussed herein are not covered by the protections provided by the Securities Investor ProtectionCorporation, unless such securities are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are held in a Morgan Stanley WealthManagement Individual Retirement Account.
Managed futures investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, use signiﬁcant leverage, have limited liquidity and/or may begenerally illiquid, may incur substantial charges, may subject investors to conﬂicts of interest, and are usually appropriate only for the riskcapital portion of an investor’s portfolio. Before investing in any partnership and in order to make an informed decision, investors should readthe applicable prospectus and/or offering documents carefully for additional information, including charges, expenses, and risks. Managedfutures investments are not intended to replace equities or ﬁxed income securities but rather may act as a complement to these assetcategories in a diversiﬁed portfolio.
Hedge funds may involve a high degree of risk, often engage in leveraging and other speculative investment practices that may increase the riskof investment loss, can be highly illiquid, are not required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors, may involve complextax structures and delays in distributing important tax information, are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds, oftencharge high fees which may offset any trading proﬁts, and in many cases the underlying investments are not transparent and are known only tothe investment manager.
Investing in commodities entails signiﬁcant risks. Commodity prices may be affected by a variety of factors at any time, including but not limitedto, (i) changes in supply and demand relationships, (ii) governmental programs and policies, (iii) national and international political and economicevents, war and terrorist events, (iv) changes in interest and exchange rates, (v) trading activities in commodities and related contracts, (vi)pestilence, technological change and weather, and (vii) the price volatility of a commodity. In addition, the commodities markets are subject totemporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, including lack of liquidity, participation of speculators and governmentintervention.
Physical precious metals are non-regulated products. Precious metals are speculative investments, which may experience short-term and longterm price volatility. The value of precious metals investments may ﬂuctuate and may appreciate or decline, depending on market conditions. Ifsold in a declining market, the price you receive may be less than your original investment. Unlike bonds and stocks, precious metals do notmake interest or dividend payments. Therefore, precious metals may not be appropriate for investors who require current income. Preciousmetals are commodities that should be safely stored, which may impose additional costs on the investor. The Securities Investor ProtectionCorporation (“SIPC”) provides certain protection for customers’ cash and securities in the event of a brokerage ﬁrm’s bankruptcy, other ﬁnancialdifﬁculties, or if customers’ assets are missing. SIPC insurance does not apply to precious metals or other commodities.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risk. When interest rates rise, bond prices fall; generally the longer a bond's maturity, the more sensitive it isto this risk. Bonds may also be subject to call risk, which is the risk that the issuer will redeem the debt at its option, fully or partially, beforethe scheduled maturity date. The market value of debt instruments may ﬂuctuate, and proceeds from sales prior to maturity may be more orless than the amount originally invested or the maturity value due to changes in market conditions or changes in the credit quality of the issuer.Bonds are subject to the credit risk of the issuer. This is the risk that the issuer might be unable to make interest and/or principal payments on atimely basis. Bonds are also subject to reinvestment risk, which is the risk that principal and/or interest payments from a given investment maybe reinvested at a lower interest rate. Bonds rated below investment grade may have speculative characteristics and present signiﬁcant risksbeyond those of other securities, including greater credit risk and price volatility in the secondary market. Investors should be careful toconsider these risks alongside their individual circumstances, objectives and risk tolerance before investing in high-yield bonds. High yield bondsshould comprise only a limited portion of a balanced portfolio. Interest on municipal bonds is generally exempt from federal income tax;
THE GIC WEEKLY
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  13
however, some bonds may be subject to the alternative minimum tax (AMT). Typically, state tax-exemption applies if securities are issued withinone's state of residence and, if applicable, local tax-exemption applies if securities are issued within one's city of residence.
Treasury Inﬂation Protection Securities’ (TIPS) coupon payments and underlying principal are automatically increased to compensate forinﬂation by tracking the consumer price index (CPI). While the real rate of return is guaranteed, TIPS tend to offer a low return. Because thereturn of TIPS is linked to inﬂation, TIPS may signiﬁcantly underperform versus conventional U.S. Treasuries in times of low inﬂation.
Ultrashort bond funds Ultra-short bond funds are mutual funds and exchange-traded funds that generally invest in ﬁxed income securities withvery short maturities, typically less than one year. They are not money market funds. While money market funds attempt to maintain a stablenet asset value, an ultra-short bond fund’s net asset value will ﬂuctuate, which may result in the loss of the principal amount invested. They aretherefore subject to the risks associated with debt securities such as credit and interest rate risk.
Ultrashort-term ﬁxed income asset class is comprised of ﬁxed income securities with high quality, very short maturities. They are thereforesubject to the risks associated with debt securities such as credit and interest rate risk.
Duration, the most commonly used measure of bond risk, quantiﬁes the effect of changes in interest rates on the price of a bond or bondportfolio. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the bond or portfolio would be to changes in interest rates. Generally, if interest ratesrise, bond prices fall and vice versa. Longer-term bonds carry a longer or higher duration than shorter-term bonds; as such, they would beaffected by changing interest rates for a greater period of time if interest rates were to increase. Consequently, the price of a long-term bondwould drop signiﬁcantly as compared to the price of a short-term bond.
The majority of $25 and $1000 par preferred securities are “callable” meaning that the issuer may retire the securities at speciﬁc prices anddates prior to maturity. Interest/dividend payments on certain preferred issues may be deferred by the issuer for periods of up to 5 to 10 years,depending on the particular issue. The investor would still have income tax liability even though payments would not have been received. Pricequoted is per $25 or $1,000 share, unless otherwise speciﬁed. Current yield is calculated by multiplying the coupon by par value divided by themarket price. Some $25 or $1000 par preferred securities are QDI (Qualiﬁed Dividend Income) eligible. Information on QDI eligibility is obtainedfrom third party sources. The dividend income on QDI eligible preferreds qualiﬁes for a reduced tax rate. Many traditional ‘dividend paying’perpetual preferred securities (traditional preferreds with no maturity date) are QDI eligible.  In order to qualify for the preferential taxtreatment all qualifying preferred securities must be held by investors for a minimum period – 91 days during a 180 day window period,beginning 90 days before the ex-dividend date.
The initial interest rate on a ﬂoating-rate security may be lower than that of a ﬁxed-rate security of the same maturity because investors expectto receive additional income due to future increases in the ﬂoating security’s underlying reference rate. The reference rate could be an index oran interest rate. However, there can be no assurance that the reference rate will increase. Some ﬂoating-rate securities may be subject to callrisk. 
The market value of convertible bonds and the underlying common stock(s) will ﬂuctuate and after purchase may be worth more or less thanoriginal cost. If sold prior to maturity, investors may receive more or less than their original purchase price or maturity value, depending onmarket conditions. Callable bonds may be redeemed by the issuer prior to maturity. Additional call features may exist that could affect yield.
Principal is returned on a monthly basis over the life of a mortgage-backed security. Principal prepayment can signiﬁcantly affect the monthlyincome stream and the maturity of any type of MBS, including standard MBS, CMOs and Lottery Bonds. Yields and average lives are estimatedbased on prepayment assumptions and are subject to change based on actual prepayment of the mortgages in the underlying pools. The levelof predictability of an MBS/CMO’s average life, and its market price, depends on the type of MBS/CMO class purchased and interest ratemovements.  In general, as interest rates fall, prepayment speeds are likely to increase, thus shortening the MBS/CMO’s average life and likelycausing its market price to rise. Conversely, as interest rates rise, prepayment speeds are likely to decrease, thus lengthening average life andlikely causing the MBS/CMO’s market price to fall. Some MBS/CMOs may have “original issue discount” (OID). OID occurs if the MBS/CMO’soriginal issue price is below its stated redemption price at maturity, and results in “imputed interest” that must be reported annually for taxpurposes, resulting in a tax liability even though interest was not received.  Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors for moreinformation.
Asset-backed securities generally decrease in value as a result of interest rate increases, but may beneﬁt less than other ﬁxed-income securitiesfrom declining interest rates, principally because of prepayments.
Yields are subject to change with economic conditions. Yield is only one factor that should be considered when making an investment decision. 
Virtual Currency Products (Cryptocurrencies)
Buying, selling, and transacting in Bitcoin, Ethereum or other digital assets (“Digital Assets”), and related funds and products, is highlyspeculative and may result in a loss of the entire investment. Risks and considerations include but are not limited to:
Digital Assets have only been in existence for a short period of time and historical trading prices for Digital Assets have been highly volatile.The price of Digital Assets could decline rapidly, and investors could lose their entire investment.
Although any Digital Asset product and its service providers have in place signiﬁcant safeguards against loss, theft, destruction andinaccessibility, there is nonetheless a risk that some or all of a product’s Digital Asset could be permanently lost, stolen, destroyed orinaccessible by virtue of, among other things, the loss or theft of the “private keys” necessary to access a product’s Digital Asset.
Digital Assets may not have an established track record of credibility and trust. Further, any performance data relating to Digital Asset productsmay not be veriﬁable as pricing models are not uniform.
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) investments in a portfolio may experience performance that is lower or higher than a portfolionot employing such practices.  Portfolios with ESG restrictions and strategies as well as ESG investments may not be able to take advantage of
THE GIC WEEKLY
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  14
the same opportunities or market trends as portfolios where ESG criteria is not applied. There are inconsistent ESG deﬁnitions and criteriawithin the industry, as well as multiple ESG ratings providers that provide ESG ratings of the same subject companies and/or securities thatvary among the providers. Certain issuers of investments may have differing and inconsistent views concerning ESG criteria where the ESGclaims made in offering documents or other literature may overstate ESG impact. ESG designations are as of the date of this material, and noassurance is provided that the underlying assets have maintained or will maintain and such designation or any stated ESG compliance. As aresult, it is difﬁcult to compare ESG investment products or to evaluate an ESG investment product in comparison to one that does not focuson ESG. Investors should also independently consider whether the ESG investment product meets their own ESG objectives or criteria. There isno assurance that an ESG investing strategy or techniques employed will be successful. Past performance is not a guarantee or a dependablemeasure of future results.
Companies paying dividends can reduce or cut payouts at any time.
Investing in smaller companies involves greater risks not associated with investing in more established companies, such as business risk,signiﬁcant stock price ﬂuctuations and illiquidity.
Stocks of medium-sized companies entail special risks, such as limited product lines, markets, and ﬁnancial resources, and greater marketvolatility than securities of larger, more-established companies.
Value investing does not guarantee a proﬁt or eliminate risk. Not all companies whose stocks are considered to be value stocks are able to turntheir business around or successfully employ corrective strategies which would result in stock prices that do not rise as initially expected.
Growth investing does not guarantee a proﬁt or eliminate risk. The stocks of these companies can have relatively high valuations. Because ofthese high valuations, an investment in a growth stock can be more risky than an investment in a company with more modest growthexpectations.
Asset allocation and diversiﬁcation do not assure a proﬁt or protect against loss in declining ﬁnancial markets.
Credit ratings are subject to change.
REITs investing risks are similar to those associated with direct investments in real estate: property value ﬂuctuations, lack of liquidity, limiteddiversiﬁcation and sensitivity to economic factors such as interest rate changes and market recessions. Because of their narrow focus, sectorinvestments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies. Technology stocks may be especiallyvolatile. Risks applicable to companies in the energy and natural resources sectors include commodity pricing risk, supply and demand risk,depletion risk and exploration risk. Health care sector stocks are subject to government regulation, as well as government approval of productsand services, which can signiﬁcantly impact price and availability, and which can also be signiﬁcantly affected by rapid obsolescence and patentexpirations.
Direct indexing may only be appropriate for people who have a considerable amount to invest in a taxable account and want a level ofcustomization they couldn’t otherwise obtain through a portfolio of funds or individual securities. If you invest in a tax-deferred account, such asa 401(k) or IRA, the tax-harvesting beneﬁts of direct indexing may provide no additional beneﬁt to you. There is no guarantee that you willmaximize value by tax-loss selling; holding onto slumping stock may have resulted in value greater than that obtained through tax-lossharvesting via direct indexing. In addition, you will incur asset-based fees and expenses in a direct indexing account that may be higher thanthose for other investments, as well as transaction costs arising from customization and frequent rebalancing.
IRS rules stipulate that if a security is sold by an investor at a tax loss, the tax loss will not be currently usable if the investor has acquired (orhas entered into a contract or option on) the same or substantially identical securities 30 days before or after the sale that generated the loss.This so-called “wash sale” rule is applied with respect to all of the investor’s transactions across all accounts.
Artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) is subject to limitations, and you should be aware that any output from an IA-supported tool or service made availableby the Firm for your use is subject to such limitations, including but not limited to inaccuracy, incompleteness, or embedded bias. You shouldalways verify the results of any AI-generated output.
Rebalancing does not protect against a loss in declining ﬁnancial markets. There may be a potential tax implication with a rebalancing strategy.Investors should consult with their tax advisor before implementing such a strategy.
The indices are unmanaged. An investor cannot invest directly in an index. They are shown for illustrative purposes only and do not representthe performance of any speciﬁc investment. The indices are not subject to expenses or fees and are often comprised of securities and otherinvestment instruments the liquidity of which is not restricted. A particular investment product may consist of securities signiﬁcantly differentthan those in any index referred to herein. Comparing an investment to a particular index may be of limited use.
The indices selected by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management to measure performance are representative of broad asset classes. MorganStanley Smith Barney LLC retains the right to change representative indices at any time.
Disclosures
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is the trade name of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, a registered broker-dealer in the United States.This material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell anysecurity or other ﬁnancial instrument or to participate in any trading strategy. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to futureperformance.
The author(s) (if any authors are noted) principally responsible for the preparation of this material receive compensation based upon variousfactors, including quality and accuracy of their work, ﬁrm revenues (including trading and capital markets revenues), client feedback andcompetitive factors. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is involved in many businesses that may relate to companies, securities or
THE GIC WEEKLY
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  15
instruments mentioned in this material. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or sell or asolicitation of any offer to buy or sell any security/instrument, or to participate in any trading strategy. Any such offer would be made only aftera prospective investor had completed its own independent investigation of the securities, instruments or transactions, and received allinformation it required to make its own investment decision, including, where applicable, a review of any offering circular or memorandumdescribing such security or instrument. That information would contain material information not contained herein and to which prospectiveparticipants are referred. This material is based on public information as of the speciﬁed date, and may be stale thereafter. We have noobligation to tell you when information herein may change. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy orcompleteness of this material. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management has no obligation to provide updated information on thesecurities/instruments mentioned herein.
The summary at the beginning of the report may have been generated with the assistance of artiﬁcial intelligence (AI).
The securities/instruments discussed in this material may not be appropriate for all investors. The appropriateness of a particular investment orstrategy will depend on an investor’s individual circumstances and objectives. Morgan Stanley Wealth Management recommends that investorsindependently evaluate speciﬁc investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a ﬁnancial advisor. The value of andincome from investments may vary because of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates,securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or ﬁnancial conditions of companies and other issuers or other factors. Estimates offuture performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. 
Actual events may differ from those assumed and changes to any assumptions may have a material impact on any projections or estimates.Other events not taken into account may occur and may signiﬁcantly affect the projections or estimates. Certain assumptions may have beenmade for modeling purposes only to simplify the presentation and/or calculation of any projections or estimates, and Morgan Stanley WealthManagement does not represent that any such assumptions will reﬂect actual future events. Accordingly, there can be no assurance thatestimated returns or projections will be realized or that actual returns or performance results will not materially differ from those estimatedherein. This material should not be viewed as advice or recommendations with respect to asset allocation or any particular investment. Thisinformation is not intended to, and should not, form a primary basis for any investment decisions that you may make. Morgan Stanley WealthManagement is not acting as a ﬁduciary under either the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or under section 4975of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended in providing this material except as otherwise provided in writing by Morgan Stanley and/oras described at www.morganstanley.com/disclosures/dol.
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, its afﬁliates and Morgan Stanley Financial Advisors do not provide legal or tax advice. Each client shouldalways consult his/her personal tax and/or legal advisor for information concerning his/her individual situation and to learn about any potentialtax or other implications that may result from acting on a particular recommendation.
This material is disseminated in Australia to “retail clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley WealthManagement Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian ﬁnancial services license No. 240813). Morgan Stanley WealthManagement is not incorporated under the People's Republic of China ("PRC") law and the material in relation to this report is conductedoutside the PRC. This report will be distributed only upon request of a speciﬁc recipient. This report does not constitute an offer to sell or thesolicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. PRC investors must have the relevant qualiﬁcations to invest in such securitiesand must be responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, veriﬁcations and or registrations from PRC's relevant governmentalauthorities.
If your ﬁnancial adviser is based in Australia, then please be aware that this report is being distributed by Morgan Stanley Wealth ManagementAustralia Pty Ltd (ABN 19 009 145 555, AFSL No. 240813).
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning ofSection 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Municipal Advisor Rule”) and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be,and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule. This material is disseminated in the United States of America byMorgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  
Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the datathey provide and shall not have liability for any damages of any kind relating to such data.
This material, or any portion thereof, may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley Smith BarneyLLC.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC.
RSI1779041511016 05/2026
THE GIC WEEKLY
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management  16