Market Insight - Tickmill Expert Blog - Forex Traders Blog | Tickmill
Market Insight
Institutional FX Insights: Deutsche Bank ' Where are the AI FX tails widest'
The Micro Macro SetupWidespread AI integration is driving the marginal cost of cognitive labor toward zero. To trade this, we evaluated 30 major currencies across two vectors: labor market...
Institutional Insights: Deutsche Bank Investor Flows & Positioning Update 24/8/26
Investor Positioning Strategy Update and Flows: Another Post-Earnings Season LullThe market is currently in the seasonal post-earnings "middle lull" period for the S&P 500—historically a...
Institutional Insights: Goldman Sachs ' Gold Futures Record 3 Weeks of Buying'
Record Speculative Buying in Gold Meets Jackson Hole RiskGold futures recorded a historic nominal buying surge over a 3-week window ($22.2bn from July 28 to August 18), pushing net speculative...
Institutional Insights: UBS 'Gold - Not The Last Spike in H2'
Gold Update — Constructive Longer-Term, But Needs USD Weakness, Lower Real Rates, and Sustained ETF DemandGold has firmed in recent days as investors reassess the Fed path and the US dollar. The move...
Institutional FX Insights: SEB ' Big Picture FX carry vs what it would take to get FX trends'
Big Picture FX — Carry Still Wins in a Range, But the Next Disruptive Trend Is More Likely Short USDThe core FX message is that the market remains remarkably range-bound despite major macro...
FTSE Flat as Iran Risk and Soft Jobs Data Stall Momentum
FTSE Flat as Iran Risk and Soft Jobs Data Stall MomentumLondon’s FTSE 100 traded roughly flat on Tuesday, rotating between marginal gains and losses as investors stayed cautious amid rising U.S.-Iran...
Institutional Insights: JPMorgan Delta One Flows & Positioning Update 18/1/26
Delta-One Flows & Positioning — Semis Sold As AI Demand Stays SelectiveLast week’s flow picture shows a market that is still willing to own risk, but with much sharper discrimination beneath the...
FTSE Finish Line: Early Mining Bounce Fizzles as Oil and Data Risks Loom
FTSE Finish Line: Early Mining Bounce Fizzles as Oil and Data Risks LoomThe FTSE 100 initially edged higher on Monday as miners rallied and investors looked for an end to a six-session losing streak,...
Institutional Insights: Goldman Sachs SP500 August Re-Risking
US Equities — SP500 August Re-Risking, Vol Reset, and the Shift From Short Singles Vol to Long CorrelationAugust remains biased higher, supported by strong earnings, cleaner positioning, lower Fed...
247,200 FANS
34,200 FOLLOWERS
28,500 FOLLOWERS
25,900 SUBSCRIBERS
31,570 FOLLOWERS
SUBSCRIBE TO RSS FEED
Cookie Policy:The Tickmill website uses cookies. By continuing browsing the page you automatically agree to our use of cookies. For more information on our cookie usage, on how to change cookies and their settings see our Cookies Policy.
Preferences
Necessary
Statistics
Marketing
OK
Preferences